be	verb	As a copulative verb:	As an auxiliary verb:	As an intransitive lexical verb:	Elliptical form of "be here", "go to and return from" or similar, also extending to certain other senses of "go".	To exist or behave in a certain way.	To exist.	To exist; to have real existence, to be alive.	To occupy a place.	To occur, to take place.	To pass or spend (time).	To remain undisturbed in a certain state or situation.	To take a period of time.	To tend to do, often do; marks the habitual aspect.	Used to declare the subject and object identical or equivalent.	Used to indicate ambient conditions such as weather, light, noise or air quality.	Used to indicate passage of time since the occurrence of an event.	Used to indicate that a predicate nominal applies to the subject.	Used to indicate that the subject has the qualities described by a noun or noun phrase.	Used to indicate that the subject has the qualities described by an adjective or prepositional phrase.	Used to indicate the time of day.	Used to link a subject to a measurement.	Used to link two noun clauses: a day of the week, recurring date, month, or other specific time (on which the event of the main clause took place) and a period of time indicating how long ago that day was.	Used to state the age of a subject in years.	Used with past participles of certain intransitive verbs to form the perfect aspect.	Used with past participles of verbs to form the passive voice.	Used with present participles of verbs to form the continuous aspect.	Used with to-infinitives of verbs to express intent, obligation, appropriateness, or relative future occurrence.
be	prep	Alternative form of by. Also found in compounds, especially oaths, e.g. begorra.
be	noun	The name of the Cyrillic script letter Б / б
I	pron	The speaker or writer, referred to as the grammatical object, of a sentence.	The speaker or writer, referred to as the grammatical subject, of a sentence.
I	noun	Abbreviation of independent.	Abbreviation of instruction.	Abbreviation of instrumental case.	Interstate.	The ego.
I	character	The ninth letter of the English alphabet, called i and written in the Latin script.
I	num	The ordinal number ninth, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called i and written in the Latin script.
I	intj	Obsolete spelling of aye.
the	article	...because it has already been mentioned, is to be completely specified in the same sentence, or very shortly thereafter.	...because it is presumed to be definitely known in context or from shared knowledge.	Added to a superlative or an ordinal number to make it into a substantive.	Introducing a singular term to be taken generically: preceding a name of something standing for a whole class.	Precedes a familiar nickname or other term of address.	The definite grammatical article that shows that the noun phrase that immediately follows it is definitely identifiable...	Used before a body part, a family member, a pet (especially of someone previously mentioned), as an alternative to a possessive pronoun.	Used before a demonym ending in -ish or -ese to refer to people of a given country collectively.	Used before a noun designating something considered to be unique, or of which there is only one at a time.	Used before a noun phrase beginning with superlative or comparative adjective or an ordinal number, indicating that the noun refers to a single item.	Used before a noun phrase, including a simple noun	Used before an adjective, indicating all things (especially persons) described by that adjective.	Used in many idiomatic expressions and proverbs to refer to common objects, roles, or situations connected with something definite, in the manner of an analogy	Used to indicate a certain example of (a noun) which is usually of most concern or most common or familiar.	Used with an adjective	Used with the plural of a surname to indicate the entire family.	When stressed, indicates that it describes something which is considered to be best or exclusively worthy of attention.
the	adv	Beyond all others.	With a comparative or with more and a verb phrase, establishes a correlation with one or more other such comparatives.	With a comparative, and often with for it, indicates a result more like said comparative. This can be negated with none.
the	prep	For each; per.
the	pron	Obsolete form of thee.
to	particle	A particle used for marking the following verb as an infinitive.	As above, with the verb implied.	In order to.	Used to indicate an obligation on the part of, or a directive given to, the subject.	a filler word common amongst urban Indians.
to	prep	According to.	As a.	At.	Denotes the end of a range.	In the direction of; towards.	Indicating a degree or level reached.	Indicating destination or final position: In the direction of, so as to arrive at or reach.	Preceding (the stated hour).	So as to become or reach: indicating a terminal state resulting from an action.	So as to bring about or elicit (an effect or outcome).	So as to contact, press against, impact, etc.	Used after an adjective to indicate its application.	Used more-or-less idiomatically with various verbs: keep to the left, agree to the proposal, attend to the matter, etc. See the individual entries.	Used to describe what something consists of or contains.	Used to indicate a ratio or comparison; compared to, as against.	Used to indicate that the preceding term is to be raised to the power of the following value; indicates exponentiation.	Used to indicate the target or recipient of an action.	With implied hour.
to	adv	Into the wind.	Misspelling of too.	Toward a closed, touching or engaging position.
a	character	The first letter of the English alphabet, written in the Latin script.
a	num	The ordinal number first, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called a and written in the Latin script.
a	noun	The fourth semiquaver (sixteenth note) of a beat.	The name of the Cyrillic script letter А / а.	The name of the Latin script letter A / a.
a	article	An unspecified example of (something); the indefinite article.	Any; every; used before a noun which has become modified to limit its scope.	Any; used with a negative to indicate not a single one.	One; someone named; used before a person's name, suggesting that the speaker knows little about the person other than the name.	One; used before score, dozen, hundred, thousand, million, etc.	Someone or something like; similar to; used before a proper noun to create an example out of it.	The same; one and the same. Used in phrases such as of a kind, birds of a feather, etc.	Used before a numeral.	Used before an adjective modifying a person's name, typically used to emphasize that person's current condition or emotional state.	Used before an adjective that modifies a noun (singular or plural) delimited by a numeral.	Used in some adverbial phrases denoting the degree or extent of an action, such as a little, a bit, a lot, etc.	Used in some phrases denoting quantity, such as a few, a good many, a couple, a little, a bit, etc.
a	prep	Of.	To do with an action, an active verb; Engaged in.	To do with an action/movement; To, into.	To do with method; In, with.	To do with position or direction; In, on, at, by, towards, onto.	To do with process, with a passive verb; In the course of, experiencing.	To do with role or capacity; In.	To do with separation; In, into.	To do with status; In.	To do with time; Each, per, in, on, by. Often occurs between two nouns, where the first noun occurs at the end of a verbal phrase.
a	verb	Have (auxiliary verb).	had (auxiliary verb).
a	pron	He, she, they: the third-person singular or plural nominative.	He, the third-person singular nominative.	She, the third-person singular nominative.
a	adv	All.	Alternative spelling of a.m. (“ante meridiem”) or am	across
a	adj	All.
a	particle	Alternative form of -a (“empty syllable added to songs, poetry, verse and other speech”).	Pronunciation spelling of to.
a	contraction	Used to express a future action; going to.
a	conj	Contraction of and.
a	symbol	Distance from leading edge to aerodynamic center.	a word-initial letter ⟨a⟩.	allele (recessive)	specific absorption coefficient	specific rotation	the long vowel /eɪ/ at the end of a word, or before a final consonant that is not /dʒ, v, z/. (Note: the final consonant is not written; [ɛə˞] counts as /eɪr/.)	the prefix ad-.	the word a.m.
a	intj	ah; er (sound of hesitation)
you	pron	(To) yourselves, (to) yourself.	A dummy pronoun used in certain constructions, usually with verbs of receiving (such as get or find) or sensing (such as see or hear), typically stating the existence or typicality of something.	A person's favorite sports team.	Anyone, one; an unspecified individual or group of individuals (as subject or object).	The people spoken to or written to, as a subject. (Replacing ye.)	The people spoken, or written to, as an object.	The person spoken to or written to, as a subject. (Originally as a mark of respect.)	The person spoken to or written to, as an object. (Replacing thee; originally as a mark of respect.)
you	det	The individual or group spoken or written to.	Used before epithets, describing the person being addressed, for emphasis.
you	verb	To address (a person) using the pronoun you (in the past, especially to use you rather than thou, when you was considered more formal).
you	noun	The name of the Latin-script letter U/u.
Tom	name	A diminutive of the male given name Thomas, also used as a formal male given name.	A large, deep-toned bell, or a particularly notable example of one.	A nickname for a common man.
Tom	noun	A United States two-dollar bill.	Ellipsis of Uncle Tom.	Synonym of menstruation.
do	verb	A syntactic marker for emphasis with the indicative, imperative, and subjunctive moods.	A syntactic marker in a question whose main verb is not another auxiliary verb or be.	A syntactic marker in negations with the indicative and imperative moods.	A syntactic marker that refers back to an earlier verb and allows the speaker to avoid repeating the verb; in most dialects, not used with auxiliaries such as be, though it can be in AAVE.	A syntactic marker.	To act or behave in a certain manner; to conduct oneself.	To be reasonable or acceptable.	To cash or to advance money for, as a bill or note.	To cause or make (someone) (do something).	To cheat or swindle.	To convert into a certain form; especially, to translate.	To cook.	To copy or emulate the actions or behaviour that is associated with the person or thing mentioned.	To deal with for good and all; to finish up; to undo; to ruin; to do for.	To drive a vehicle at a certain speed, especially in regard to a speed limit.	To exist with a purpose or for a reason.	To fare well; to thrive; to prosper; (of livestock) to fatten.	To fare, perform (well or poorly).	To finish.	To have (as an effect).	To have as one's job.	To have sex with. (See also do it)	To impersonate or depict.	To injure (one's own body part).	To kill.	To make or provide.	To perform the tasks or actions associated with (something).	To perform; to execute.	To punish for a misdemeanor.	To spend (time) in jail. (See also do time)	To suffice.	To take (a drug).	To travel in or through, to tour, to make a circuit of.	To treat in a certain way.	To work for or on, by way of caring for, looking after, preparing, cleaning, keeping in order, etc.	Used to form the present progressive of verbs.
do	noun	A cheat; a swindler.	A homicide.	A party, celebration, social function; usually of moderate size and formality.	A syllable used in solfège to represent the first and eighth tonic of a major scale.	Ado; bustle; stir; to-do; A period of confusion or argument.	An act of swindling; a fraud or deception.	Clipping of hairdo.	Something that can or should be done.	Something that has been done.
do	adv	Abbreviation of ditto.
do	num	The cardinal number occurring after el and before do one in a duodecimal system. Written 10, decimal value 12.
not	adv	Negates the meaning of the modified verb.	To no degree.	Used before a determiner phrase, a pronominal phrase etc. to convey a negative attitude (e.g. denial, sadness, anger) towards something.	Used before a non-finite clause (especially a gerund-participial clause) or less commonly a determiner phrase to ironically convey some attitude (e.g. surprise, incredulity, amusement, embarrassment) towards something.	Used to indicate the opposite or near opposite, often in a form of understatement.
not	conj	And not.
not	intj	Used to indicate that the previous phrase was meant sarcastically or ironically.
not	noun	Alternative letter-case form of NOT (“unary operation on logical values that changes true to false, and false to true”).	An instance of using the word “not”; a negation or denial.
have	verb	See have to.	To accept as a romantic partner.	To allow; to tolerate.	To be able to speak (a language).	To be affected by an occurrence. (Used in supplying a topic that is a small clause.)	To be afflicted with, suffer from.	To be scheduled to attend, undertake or participate in.	To believe, buy, be taken in by.	To capture or actively hold someone's attention or interest.	To cause to be.	To cause to, by a command, request or invitation.	To consider a court proceeding that has been completed; to begin deliberations on a case.	To consume or use up (a particular substance or resource, especially food or drink).	To defeat in a fight; take.	To depict as being.	To engage in sexual intercourse with.	To experience, go through, undergo.	To feel or be (especially painfully) aware of.	To get a reading, measurement, or result from an instrument or calculation.	To give birth to.	To grasp the meaning of; comprehend.	To hold, as something at someone's disposal.	To host someone; to take in as a guest.	To include as a part, ingredient, or feature.	To inflict punishment or retribution on.	To make an observation of (a bird species).	To obtain.	To possess, own.	To trick, to deceive.	To undertake or perform (an action or activity).	Used as an interrogative verb before a pronoun to form a tag question, echoing a previous use of 'have' as an auxiliary verb or, in certain cases, main verb. (For further discussion, see the appendix English tag questions.)	Used in forming the perfect aspect.	Used to state the existence or presence of someone in a specified relationship with the subject.
have	noun	A fraud or deception; something misleading.	A wealthy or privileged person.	One who has some (contextually specified) thing.
he	pron	A genderless object regarded as masculine, such as certain stars or planets (e.g. Sun, Mercury, Mars, Jupiter) or certain ships.	A person who identifies as male, or animal already known or implied.	It; an animal whose gender is unknown.	They; he or she (a person whose gender is unknown or irrelevant).
he	det	Synonym of his.
he	noun	A male.	The game of tag, or it, in which the player attempting to catch the others is called "he".	The name of the fifth letter of many Semitic alphabets (Phoenician, Aramaic, Hebrew, Syriac, Arabic and others).	The name of the first letter of the Old South Arabian abjad.	The player who chases and attempts to catch the others in this game.
he	intj	An expression of laughter.
of	prep	Before (the hour); to (the hour).	Belonging to (a place) through having title, ownership or control over it.	Belonging to (someone or something) as something they possess or have as a characteristic; the "possessive genitive". (With abstract nouns, this intersects with the subjective genitive, above under "agency" senses.)	Belonging to, existing in, or taking place in a given location, place or time. Compare "origin" senses, above.	During the course of (a set period of time, day of the week etc.), now specifically with implied repetition or regularity.	Expressing a point in time.	Expressing agency.	Expressing composition, substance.	Expressing distance or motion.	Expressing origin.	Expressing possession.	Expressing qualities or characteristics.	Expressing separation.	Follows an agent noun, verbal noun or noun of action.	For (a given length of time).	Forming the "objective genitive".	From (a place); off.	From, away from (a position, number, distance etc.).	Having partitive effect.	Indicates a given part.	Indicates a quality or characteristic; "characterized by".	Indicates duration of a state, activity etc.	Indicates quantity, age, price, etc.	Indicates the agent (for most verbs, now usually expressed with by).	Indicates the source or cause of the verb.	Indicates the subject or cause of the adjective.	Indicating a (non-physical) source of action or emotion; introducing a cause, instigation; from, out of, as an expression of.	Indicating an ancestral source or origin of descent.	Indicating removal, absence or separation, construed with an intransitive verb.	Indicating removal, absence or separation, with resulting state indicated by an adjective.	Indicating removal, absence or separation, with the action indicated by a transitive verb and the quality or substance by a grammatical object.	Indicating the composition of a given collective or quantitative noun.	Introduces its subject matter.	Introduces its subject matter; about, concerning.	Introduces the whole for which is indicated only the specified part or segment; "from among".	Introducing an epithet that indicates a birthplace, residence, dominion, or other place associated with the individual.	Introducing subject matter.	Links an adjective with a noun or noun phrase to form a quasi-adverbial qualifier; in respect to, as regards.	Links an intransitive verb, or a transitive verb and its subject (especially verbs to do with thinking, feeling, expressing etc.), with its subject-matter; concerning, with regard to.	Links to a genitive noun or possessive pronoun, with partitive effect (though now often merged with possessive senses, below; see also double possessive).	Links two nouns in near-apposition, with the first qualifying the second; "which is also".	Often used without the hour	Since, from (a given time, earlier state etc.).	Some, an amount of, one of.	Used to indicate the agent of something described by the adjective.	Used to indicate the material of the just-mentioned object.	Used to indicate the material or substance used.	Used to introduce the "subjective genitive"; following a noun to form the head of a postmodifying noun phrase (see also 'Possession' senses below).	Used to link a given class of things with a specific example of that class.	Used to link singular indefinite nouns (preceded by the indefinite article) and attributive adjectives modified by certain common adverbs of degree.
of	verb	Eye dialect spelling of have and ’ve, chiefly in depictions of colloquial speech.
of	symbol	Abbreviation of off or often.
in	prep	At the end of (a period of time).	By (doing something); indicating action causing an effect or achieving a purpose.	Characterized by.	Contained by; inside.	Denoting a state of the subject.	During (a period of time).	Expressing abstract containment.	In the form of, in the denomination of.	Indicates, connotatively, a place-like form of someone's (or something's) personality, as his, her or its psychic and physical characteristics.	Indicating an order or arrangement.	Into.	Part of; a member of; out of; from among.	Pertaining to; with regard to.	Surrounded by; among; amidst.	Used to indicate a language, script, tone, etc. of a text, speech, etc.	Used to indicate location, inclusion, or position within spatial, temporal or abstract limits.	Used to indicate means, medium, format, genre, or instrumentality.	Wearing (an item of clothing).	Within (a certain elapsed time); by the end of.	Within the bounds or limits of.
in	verb	To enclose.	To take in; to harvest.
in	adv	After the beginning of something.	At or towards the interior of a defined space, such as a building or room.	Denotes a gathering of people assembled for the stated activity, sometimes, though not always, suggesting a protest.	So as to be enclosed or surrounded by something.	Towards the speaker or other reference point.
in	noun	A position of power or influence, or a way to get it.	Abbreviation of inch or inches.	One who, or that which, is in; especially, one who is in office.	The state of a batter/batsman who is currently batting; see innings.
in	adj	(British, Ireland, Australia, New Zealand) Burning; ablaze.	Currently batting.	Falling or remaining within the bounds of the playing area.	Furled or stowed.	Having a favourable position, such as a position of influence or expected gain, in relation to another person.	Having been collected or received.	Having familiarity or involvement with somebody.	Having used, consumed , or invested a certain amount.	In fashion; popular.	Incoming.	Inserted or fitted into something.	Located indoors, especially at home or at one's office or place of work.	Located inside something.	Of the tide, at or near its highest level.	With privilege or possession; used to denote a holding, possession, or seisin
that	conj	As delayed subject.	As direct subject.	Expressing a reason or cause: because, in that.	Introducing a clause that complements an adjective or passive participle.	Introducing a clause that describes the information content of a preceding reporting noun.	Introducing a clause that is the object of a verb, especially a reporting verb or verb expressing belief, knowledge, perception, etc.	Introducing a clause that is the subject of a verb, especially the 'be' verb or a verb expressing judgement, opinion, etc.	Introducing a premise or supposition for consideration: seeing as; inasmuch as; given that; as would appear from the fact that.	Introducing a subordinate clause modifying an adverb.	Introducing a subordinate clause that expresses an aim, purpose, or goal ("final"), and usually contains the auxiliaries may, might, or should: so, so that, in order that.	Introducing an exclamation expressing a desire or wish.	Introducing an exclamation expressing a strong emotion such as sadness or surprise.	Introducing — especially, but not exclusively, with an antecedent like so or such — a subordinate clause expressing a result, consequence, or effect.
that	det	The (thing, person, idea, etc) indicated or understood from context, especially if more remote physically, temporally or mentally than one designated as "this", or if expressing distinction.
that	pron	In a relative clause, referring to a previously mentioned noun, as subject, direct object, indirect object, or object of a preposition; which, who.	The thing, person, idea, quality, event, action, or time indicated or understood from context, especially if more remote geographically, temporally or mentally than one designated as "this", or if expressing distinction.	Used in place of relative adverbs such as where or when; often omitted.	Used to emphatically affirm or deny a previous statement or question.	Used to refer to a noun phrase or statement just made.
that	adv	Denoting 'as much', 'no less'.	Denoting an equal degree.	To a given extent or degree.	To a great extent or degree; very, particularly.	To such an extent; so.
that	noun	Something being indicated that is there; one of those.
it	pron	A third-person singular personal pronoun used to refer to a baby or child, especially of unknown gender.	A third-person singular personal pronoun used to refer to an animate referent who is transgender or non-binary.	A third-person singular pronoun used to refer to an unspecified person.	All or the end; something after which there is no more.	An affectionate third-person singular personal pronoun.	Followed by an omitted and understood relative pronoun: That which; what.	Referring to a desirable quality or ability, or quality of being successful, fashionable or in vogue.	Referring to sexual intercourse or other sexual activity.	Refers to someone being identified, often on the phone, but not limited to this situation.	Sex appeal, especially that which goes beyond physical appearance.	The impersonal pronoun, used as a placeholder for a delayed subject, or less commonly, object; known as the dummy pronoun (according to some definitions), anticipatory it or, more formally in linguistics, a syntactic expletive. The delayed subject is commonly a to-infinitive, a gerund, or a noun clause introduced by a subordinating conjunction.	The impersonal pronoun, used without referent as the subject of an impersonal verb or statement (known as the dummy pronoun, dummy it or weather it).	The impersonal pronoun, used without referent, or with unstated but contextually implied referent, in various short idioms or expressions.	The third-person singular neuter personal pronoun used to refer to an inanimate object, abstract entity, or non-human living thing.
it	det	Its.
it	noun	A desirable characteristic, as being fashionable.	A game of tag.	Alternative letter-case form of It (“force in the vitalist approach of Georg Groddeck”).	Alternative letter-case form of It (“the id”).	One who is neither a he nor a she; a creature; a dehumanized being.	Sex appeal.	Sexual intercourse.	The person who chases and tries to catch the other players in the playground game of tag.
it	adj	Most fashionable, popular, or in vogue.
this	det	A known (thing) (used in first mentioning a person or thing that the speaker does not think is known to the audience). Compare with "a certain ...".	Designates the current or next instance.	Referring to oneself.	The (thing) here (used in indicating something or someone nearby).	The known (thing) (used in indicating something or someone about to be mentioned).	The known (thing) (used in indicating something or someone just mentioned).
this	adv	To the degree or extent indicated.
this	pron	The thing, item, etc. being indicated.
this	noun	Something being indicated that is here; one of these.
this	intj	Indicates the speaker's strong approval or agreement with the previous material.
we	pron	An individual being addressed; used especially to a person in the speaker's care, or to whom advice or instruction is being given. (Sometimes called the nurse's we or the doctor's we.)	Any other entity that the speaker is a part of or identifies with, such as place of employment or education, nation, region, language, etc.	Everyone being addressed.	Excluding the person(s) being addressed. (This is the exclusive we.)	Including the person(s) being addressed. (This is the inclusive we.)	People in general.	The institution which the speaker/writer is acting for. (This is the editorial we, used by writers and others when speaking with the authority of their publication or organisation.)	The side which is keeping score.	The sovereign alone in his or her capacity as monarch. (This is the royal we. The reflexive case of this sense of we is ourself.)	Two or more people including or consisting of the speaker(s)/writer(s).	Us.	Used in explanatory or procedural writing, such as mathematical explanations, to imply inclusion of the reader in the undertaking.	Used to connect to or include readers or listeners.	Used to imply connection between the speaker's experiences or activities and a group of listeners. (Compare the plural of modesty.)	Used to refer to a third person, especially someone in the speaker's care.	Used when talking to oneself to refer to oneself.
we	det	Designates the speaker(s)/writer(s) as belonging to or constituting the stated category of people.
for	conj	Because.
for	prep	Because of.	Befitting of someone’s beliefs, needs, wants, skills, or tastes; best suited to.	By the standards of, usually with the implication that those standards are lower than one might otherwise expect; considering.	Despite, in spite of.	Directed at; intended to belong to.	Due for or facing (a certain outcome or fate).	In anticipation of.	In exchange for; in correspondence or equivalence with.	In honor of; after.	In order to cure, remove or counteract.	In order to help, benefit, gratify, honor etc. (someone or something).	In order to obtain or acquire.	In the role or capacity of; instead of; in place of.	Indicating something desired or anticipated.	Indicating that in prevention of which, or through fear of which, anything is done.	Introducing the first item(s) in a potential sequence .	On behalf of.	Out of; used to indicate a fraction, a ratio	Over (a period of time).	So (that), in order to	So as to allow (something or someone) to take position.	So as to identify or locate.	Supporting, in favour of.	Throughout or across (a distance in space).	To be used or treated in a stated way, or with a stated purpose.	To be, or as being.	Towards; in the direction of.	Used as part of a score to indicate the number of wickets that have fallen.	Used in various other more-or-less idiomatic ways to construe individual verbs, indicating various semantic relationships such as target, purpose, result, etc.; see also the entries for individual phrasal verbs, e.g. ask for, look for, stand for, etc.	Used to introduce a subject of a to-infinitive clause.
for	particle	To, the particle for marking the following verb as an infinitive.
and	conj	As a coordinating conjunction; expressing two elements to be taken together or in addition to each other.	As if, as though.	Connecting two identical elements, with implications of continued or infinite repetition.	Connecting two well-formed formulas to create a new well-formed formula that requires it to only be true when both of the two formulas are true.	Expressing a condition.	If; provided that.	Introducing a clause or sentence which follows on in time or consequence from the first.	Introducing a parenthetical or explanatory clause.	Introducing a qualitative difference between things having the same name; "as well as other".	Introducing the continuation of narration from a previous understood point; also used alone as a question: ‘and so what?’.	Simply connecting two clauses or sentences.	Used simply to connect two noun phrases, adjectives or adverbs.	Used to combine numbers in addition; plus (with singular or plural verb).	Used to connect certain numbers: connecting units when they precede tens (now dated); connecting shillings to pence in a monetary quantity (now historical); connecting tens and units to hundreds, thousands etc. (now often omitted in US); to connect fractions to wholes.	Used to connect more than two elements together in a chain, sometimes to stress the number of elements.	Used to connect two verbs where the second is dependent on the first: ‘to’. Used especially after come, go and try.	Yet; but.
and	noun	Breath.	In rhythm, the second half of a divided beat.	Sea smoke; steam fog.
and	verb	To breathe; whisper; devise; imagine.
my	det	Associated with me.	Belonging to me.	First-person singular possessive determiner. See Appendix:Possessive#English.	In the possession of me.	Related to me.
my	intj	Used to express surprise, shock or amazement.
go	verb	Clipping of go to the.	Expressing encouragement or approval.	Of a ball, to be capable of being potted, not having its path to the pocket obstructed by other balls.	Of an opinion or instruction, to have (final) authority; to be authoritative.	To (begin to) date or have sex with (a particular race).	To apply oneself; to undertake; to have as one's goal or intention. (Compare be going to.)	To apply or subject oneself to:	To assume the obligation or function of; to be, to serve as.	To attack.	To attack:	To attend.	To be accepted.	To be authoritative, accepted, or valid:	To be compatible, especially of colors or food and drink.	To be discarded or disposed of.	To be expressed or composed (a certain way).	To be given, especially to be assigned or allotted.	To be lost or out:	To be lost.	To be out.	To be sold.	To be spent or used up.	To be valid or applicable.	To become, move to or come to (a state, position, situation)	To become. (The adjective that follows often, but not always, describes a negative state.)	To belong (somewhere).	To break down or apart:	To break down or decay.	To change (from one value to another).	To collapse or give way, to break apart.	To come (to a certain condition or state).	To continuously or habitually be in a state.	To contribute to a (specified) end product or result.	To date.	To die.	To elapse, to pass; to slip away. (Compare go by.)	To end or disappear. (Compare go away.)	To enjoy. (Compare go for.)	To extend (from one point in time or space to another).	To extend along.	To fight or attack.	To fight, usually with the fists.	To fight.	To fit (in a place, or together with something):	To fit.	To follow or proceed according to (a course or path).	To go to the toilet; to urinate or defecate.	To have a certain record.	To lead (to a place); to give access (to).	To leave; to move away.	To make an effort, to subject oneself (to something).	To make the (specified) sound.	To move (a particular distance, or in a particular fashion).	To move or travel in order to do something, or to do something while moving.	To move or travel through time (either literally—in a fictional or hypothetical situation in which time travel is possible—or in one's mind or knowledge of the historical record). (See also go back.)	To move through space (especially to or through a place). (May be used of tangible things such as people or cars, or intangible things such as moods or information.)	To move to (a position or state).	To move, either physically or in an abstract sense:	To navigate (to a file or folder on a computer, a site on the internet, a memory, etc).	To offer, bid or bet an amount; to pay.	To pass (a specified time) in gestation; to be pregnant.	To pass, to be used up:	To proceed (especially to do something foolish).	To proceed (often in a specified manner, indicating the perceived quality of an event or state).	To proceed:	To resort (to).	To say (something), to make a sound:	To say (something, aloud or to oneself).	To sound; to make a noise.	To start; to begin (an action or process).	To survive or get by; to last or persist for a stated length of time.	To take (a particular part or share); to participate in to the extent of.	To take a turn, especially in a game.	To tend (toward a result)	To travel or pass along.	To turn out, to result; to come to (a certain result).	To walk; to travel on one's feet.	To work (through or over), especially mentally.	To work or function (properly); to move or perform (as required).	To yield or weigh.	Used to express how some category of things generally is, as a reference for, contrast to, or comparison with, a particular example.
go	noun	A circumstance or occurrence; an incident, often unexpected.	A dandy; a fashionable person.	A glass of spirits; a quantity of spirits.	A period of activity.	A portion	A strategic board game, originally from China and today also popular in Japan and Korea, in which two players (black and white) attempt to control the largest area of the board with their counters.	A time; an experience.	A turn at something, or in something (e.g. a game).	An act; the working or operation.	An approval or permission to do something, or that which has been approved.	An attempt, a try.	Noisy merriment.	Power of going or doing; energy; vitality; perseverance.	The act of going.	The fashion or mode.	The situation where a player cannot play a card which will not carry the aggregate count above thirty-one.
go	adj	Working correctly and ready to commence operation; approved and able to be put into action.
his	det	Belonging to a person of unspecified gender.	Belonging to him.	Its; belonging to it. (Now only when implying personification.)	Used as a genitive marker in place of ’s after a noun, especially a masculine noun ending in -s, to express the possessive case.
his	pron	Alternative spelling of His.	His house or home.	That or those belonging to him; the possessive case of he, used without a following noun.
his	noun	plural of hi
with	prep	Affected by (a certain emotion or condition).	Against.	Considering; taking into account.	Having, owning.	In addition to; as an accessory to.	In regard to.	In support of.	In the company of; alongside, close to; near to.	In the employment of.	Keeping up with; understanding; following along.	Prompted by (a certain emotion).	To denote the accomplishment of cause, means, instrument, etc; – sometimes equivalent to by.	Used to add supplemental information, especially to indicate simultaneous happening, or immediate succession or consequence.	Using as an instrument; by means of.	Using as nourishment; more recently replaced by on.
with	adv	Along, together with others, in a group, etc.
with	noun	Alternative form of withe.
what	det	Any ... that; all ... that; whatever.	Emphasises that something is noteworthy or remarkable in quality or degree, in either a good or bad way; may be used in combination with certain other determiners, especially 'a', less often 'some'.	Used to form exclamations indicating that something is remarkable, in either a good or bad way.	Which, especially which of an open-ended set of possibilities.	Which.
what	pron	Anything that; all that; whatever.	That which; those that; the thing(s) that.	That; which; who.	Which thing, event, circumstance, etc.: used in asking for the specification of an identity, quantity, quality, etc.
what	adv	In what way; to what extent.	Used before a prepositional phrase to emphasise that something is taken into consideration as a cause or reason; usually used in combination with 'with' (see what with), and much less commonly with other prepositions.
what	intj	An expression of surprise or disbelief.	Clipping of what do you say?, used as a type of tag question to emphasise a statement and invite agreement, often rhetorically.	Indicating a guess or approximation, or a pause to try to recall information.	What did you say? I beg your pardon? This usage is often considered impolite, with the more polite "Pardon?" or "Excuse me?" preferred.	What do you want? An abrupt, usually unfriendly enquiry as to what a person desires.
what	noun	Something that is addressed by what, as opposed to a person, addressed by who.	Something; thing; stuff.	The identity of a thing, as an answer to a question of what.
what	particle	Emphasizes the truth of an assertion made to contradict an evidently false assumption held by the listener.	Used after a direct assertion to reinforce a disagreeing opinion.	Used to invite agreement or acknowledgment when something is assumed to be straightforward or already obvious to begin with; similar in function to “right?” and “as you know”.
on	adj	Acceptable, appropriate.	Acting in character.	Available; remaining.	Fitted; covering or being worn.	Happening; taking place; being or due to be put into action.	Having reached a base as a runner and being positioned there, awaiting further action from a subsequent batter.	In the state of being active, functioning or operating.	Menstruating.	Of a ball, being the next in sequence to be potted, according to the rules of the game.	Of a person, used to express agreement to or acceptance of a proposal or challenge made by that person; most commonly with subject "you" (see you're on).	Of a stated part of something, oriented towards the viewer or other specified direction.	Performative or funny in a wearying manner.	Possible; capable of being successfully carried out.	Within the half of the field on the same side as the batsman's legs; the left side for a right-handed batsman.
on	adv	Along, forwards (continuing an action), onwards.	In continuation, at length.	Later.	Of a ball, into a pottable position.	Of betting odds, denoting a better-than-even chance. See also odds-on.	So as to cover or be fitted.	To an operating state.
on	prep	Aboard (a mode of transport, especially public transport, or transport that one sits astride or uses while standing).	According to, from the standpoint of; expressing what must follow, whether accepted or not, if a given premise or system is assumed true.	Against; in opposition to.	Arrived or coming into the presence of.	At (a certain position within a sequence).	At (a certain value or level).	At (a given time after the start of something).	At (a relative spatial position).	At (an instant or cusp).	At or during the date or day of.	At or in (a geographical location or position).	At the peril of, or for the safety of.	At the time of (and often because of).	Because of; due to; upon the basis of (something not yet confirmed as true).	By virtue of; with the pledge of.	Covering.	Dealing with the subject of; about; concerning.	Denoting performance or action by contact with the surface, upper part, or outside of anything; hence, by means of; with.	Denoting physical contact or interaction with an object, such as impact or application of force.	Divided by.	Ellipsis of I swear on: on my life, on God, on everything, etc.	Engaged in or occupied with (an action or activity).	Expressing figurative placement, burden, or attachment.	Generated by.	Having Vⁿ as domain and V as codomain, for the specified set V and some integer n.	Having as identical domain and codomain.	In a position of being able to pot (a given ball).	In addition to; besides; indicating multiplication or succession in a series.	In the direction of (some part of one's vessel), to within 45 degrees.	In the possession of.	Indicating a means of subsistence or sustenance.	Indicating a means or medium.	Indicating dependence or reliance.	Indicating position or location.	Indicating the person experiencing an emotion, cold, thirst, hunger, etc.	Indicating the target of, or thing affected by, an event or action.	Near; adjacent to; alongside; just off.	Of.	Paid for by.	Positioned at or resting against the outer surface of; attached to.	Positioned at the upper surface of, touching from above.	Regularly taking (a drug).	Serving as a member of.	Supported by (the specified part of itself).	To the account or detriment of; denoting imprecation or invocation, or coming to, falling, or resting upon.	Toward; for; indicating the object of an emotion.	Under the influence of (a drug, or something that is causing drug-like effects).	With verbs describing an action of hitting, rubbing, scratching, binding against, etc., designates the thing impacted or contacted.	With verbs describing an action of pushing, pulling, pressing, etc., designates the thing to which force is applied.	Without.
on	verb	To switch on.
on	noun	In the Japanese language, a pronunciation, or reading, of a kanji character that was originally based on the character's pronunciation in Chinese, contrasted with kun.
she	pron	A country, or sometimes a city, province, planet, etc.	A person whose gender is unknown or irrelevant (used in a work, along with or in place of he, as an indefinite pronoun).	A ship or boat.	A thing, especially a machine or other object, such as a car, a computer, or (poetically) a season.	The female (typically) person or animal previously mentioned or implied.
she	noun	A female.
she	verb	To refer to (someone) using she/her pronouns.
she	det	Synonym of her.
will	verb	Expressing a present tense or perfect tense with some conditional or subjective weakening: "will turn out to", "must by inference".	Implying will go.	To be able to, to have the capacity to.	To bequeath (something) to someone in one's will (legal document).	To choose or agree to (do something); used to express intention but without any temporal connotations, often in questions and negation.	To exert one's force of will (intention) in order to compel, or attempt to compel, something to happen or someone to do something.	To habitually do (a given action).	To instruct (that something be done) in one's will.	To wish or desire (that something happen); to intend (that).	To wish, desire (something).	Used to express the future tense, sometimes with an implication of volition or determination when used in the first person. Compare shall.
will	noun	A formal declaration of one's intent concerning the disposal of one's property and holdings after death; the legal document stating such wishes.	Desire, longing. (Now generally merged with later senses.)	Firmity of purpose, fixity of intent	One's independent faculty of choice; the ability to be able to exercise one's choice or intention.	One's intention or decision; someone's orders or commands.	That which is desired; one's wish.	The act of choosing to do something; a person’s conscious intent or volition.
can	verb	May; to be permitted or enabled to.	To be (followed by a word like able, possible, allowed). third-person singular simple present indicative of can	To be able to or know how to (do something); an accompanying verb is not required if it is already inferable from context.	To be able to.	To be fine or acceptable; to be possible; (with liao or already) to be enough. Often used in conjunction with a variety of clause-final particles, e.g., lah, meh or one, to express different attitudes towards the subject matter.	To cover (the fuel element in a nuclear reactor) with a protective cover.	To discard, scrap or terminate (an idea, project, etc.).	To fire or dismiss an employee.	To have the potential to; to be possible for (someone or something) to.	To hole the ball.	To know how to.	To know.	To preserve by heating and sealing in a jar or can.	To seal in a can.	To shut up.	Used to form requests, typically polite.
can	intj	OK, sure; indicates approval or acknowledgment.	Used to convey reassurance.
can	particle	OK?; used at the end of a question when seeking approval or acknowledgment.
can	noun	A chamber pot.	A chimney pot.	A container or vessel, especially for liquids, usually made of metal.	A container used to carry and dispense water for plants (a watering can).	A cylindrical buoy or marker used to denote a port-side lateral mark	A drinking cup.	A protective cover for the fuel element in a nuclear reactor.	A sealed metal container, cylindrical or cuboid in form, typically used to store preserved foods.	An E-meter used in Scientology auditing.	An ounce (or sometimes, two ounces) of marijuana.	Buttocks.	Headphones.	Jail or prison.	The breasts of a woman.	a toilet or lavatory.
want	verb	To be advised to do something (compare should, ought).	To be in a state of destitution; to be needy; to lack.	To be lacking or deficient or absent.	To desire (to experience desire); to wish.	To desire a romantic or (especially) sexual relationship with someone; to lust for.	To have occasion for (something requisite or useful); to require or need.	To lack and be in need of or require (something, such as a noun or verbal noun).	To lack and be without, to not have (something).	To lack and perhaps be able or willing to do without.	To make it easy or tempting to do something undesirable, or to make it hard or challenging to refrain from doing it.	To wish for or desire (something); to feel a need or desire for; to crave, hanker, or demand.	To wish, desire, or demand to see, have the presence of or do business with.
want	noun	A depression in coal strata, hollowed out before the subsequent deposition took place.	A desire, wish, longing.	A mole (Talpa europea).	Lack, absence, deficiency.	Poverty.	Something needed or desired; a thing of which the loss is felt.
get	verb	(with full infinitive or gerund-participle) To begin (doing something or to do something).	(with full infinitive) To be able, be permitted, or have the opportunity (to do something desirable or ironically implied to be desirable).	To adopt, assume, arrive at, or progress towards (a certain position, location, state).	To be told; be the recipient of (a question, comparison, opinion, etc.).	To become ill with or catch (a disease).	To become, or cause oneself to become.	To beget (of a father).	To bring to reckoning; to catch (usually as a criminal); to effect retribution.	To catch out, trick successfully.	To cause someone to laugh.	To cause to become; to bring about.	To cause to come or go or move.	To cause to do.	To cover (a certain distance) while travelling.	To fetch, bring, take.	To find as an answer.	To getter.	To go, to leave; to scram.	To have. See usage notes.	To hear completely; catch.	To kill.	To learn; to commit to memory; to memorize; sometimes with out.	To make acquisitions; to gain; to profit.	To measure.	To obtain; to acquire.	To perplex, stump.	To receive.	To respond to (a telephone call, a doorbell, etc).	To take or catch (a scheduled transportation service).	To understand. (compare get it)	Used with a personal pronoun to indicate that someone is being pretentious or grandiose.	Used with a pronoun subject, usually you but sometimes one, to indicate that the object of the verb exists, can occur or is otherwise typical.	Used with the past participle to form the dynamic passive voice of a dynamic verb. Compared with static passive with to be, this emphasizes the commencement of an action or entry into a state.
get	noun	A Jewish writ of divorce.	A difficult return or block of a shot.	Lineage.	Offspring, especially illegitimate.	Something gotten, something gained or won; an acquisition.	Synonym of git (“contemptible person”).
your	det	A determiner that conveys familiarity and mutual knowledge of the modified noun.	Belonging to you; of you; related to you (plural; more owners).	Belonging to you; of you; related to you (singular; one owner).	That; the specified (usually used with a human referent)
your	contraction	Misspelling of you're.
at	prep	(also as at; before dates) On (a particular date).	Also used in various other idiomatic combinations: at a pinch, at all, at fault, at pains, at risk, at that, etc.; see the individual entries.	Attending (an educational institution).	Bothering, irritating, causing discomfort to	Denotes a price.	In a state of.	In certain phrases, used to indicate the manner in which something happens or is done.	In response or reaction to.	In the direction of; towards; (often implied to be in a hostile or careless manner).	In, near, or in the general vicinity of (a particular place).	Indicates a means or method.	Indicates a position on a scale or in a series.	Indicates a specific speed or rate that is maintained by something.	Indicating action bearing upon something, especially continued or repeated action.	Indicating distance or direction relative to the speaker.	Indicating time of occurrence, especially an instant of time, or a period of time relatively short in context or from the speaker’s perspective.	Occupied in (activity).	On the subject of; regarding.	Present or taking place during (an event).	Subject to.	Working for (a company) or in (a place or situation).
at	noun	Alternative form of att (Laos currency unit)	The at sign (@).
at	verb	Rare form of @; to reply to or talk to someone, either online or face-to-face. (from the practice of targeting a message or reply to someone online by writing @name)
at	pron	Alternative form of 'at (relative pronoun; reduced form of “that” and/or “what”).
they	pron	A group of entities previously mentioned.	A single person, previously mentioned, whose gender is unknown, irrelevant, or (since 21st c.) non-binary.	People; some people; people in general; someone, excluding the speaker.	The authorities, the (power) elites, the powers that be, the establishment, the man, the system: government, police, employers, etc.	The opponents of the side which is keeping score.	There (especially as an expletive subject of be).
they	det	The, those.	Their.
they	verb	To refer to (someone, sometimes especially someone who does not use gender-neutral pronouns) using they/them pronouns.
know	verb	To be able to distinguish, to discern, particularly by contrast or comparison; to recognize the nature of.	To be able to play or perform (a song or other piece of music).	To be acquainted (with another person).	To be acquainted or familiar with; to have encountered.	To be aware of; to be cognizant of.	To be or become aware or cognizant.	To experience.	To have indexed and have information about within one's database.	To have knowledge; to have information, be informed.	To have sexual relations with. This meaning normally specified in modern English as e.g. to 'know someone in the biblical sense' or to 'know biblically'.	To maintain (a belief, a position) subject to a given philosophical definition of knowledge; to hold a justified true belief.	To perceive the truth or factuality of; to be certain of; to be certain that.	To recognize as the same (as someone or something previously encountered) after an absence or change.	To understand or have a grasp of through experience or study.
know	noun	Alternative form of knowe (“hill, knoll”).	Knowledge; the state of knowing.	Knowledge; the state of knowing. (Now confined to the fixed phrase in the know.)
know	particle	Used at the end of a sentence to draw attention to information one thinks the listener should keep in mind.
like	verb	Of a computer or other system: to tolerate as an input; to accept.	Of inanimate objects:	To be likely.	To be prone to.	To come near; to avoid with difficulty; to escape narrowly.	To derive pleasure [with of or by or with ‘from someone or something’].	To enjoy, be pleased by; favor; be in favor of.	To find attractive; to prefer the company of; to have mild romantic feelings for.	To have an appearance or expression; to look; to seem to be (in a specified condition).	To liken; to compare.	To please (same meaning as above but with subject and object reversed).	To prefer and maintain (an action) as a regular habit or activity.	To show support for, or approval of, something posted on the Internet by marking it with a vote.	To want, desire. See also would like.
like	noun	An individual vote showing support for, approval of, or enjoyment of, something posted on the Internet.	Someone similar to a given person, or something similar to a given object; a comparative; a type; a sort.	Something that a person likes (prefers).	The stroke that equalizes the number of strokes played by the opposing player or side.
like	adj	Likely; probable.	Similar.	inclined (to), prone (to).
like	adv	In a like or similar manner.	Likely.
like	conj	As if; as though; such as.	As, the way.
like	prep	Approximating	As if there would be	In the manner of, similarly to	Similar to, reminiscent of	Such as	Typical of	Used to ask for a description or opinion of someone or something
like	particle	A delayed filler.	Indicating approximation or uncertainty.	Likely.	Used to precede an approximate quotation or paraphrase or an expression of something that happened.	a discourse marker used to highlight or put focus on new information or a new development in a story
Mary	name	A city, the capital of the region of Mary, in southeastern Turkmenistan.	A female given name from Aramaic or Hebrew.	A male middle name, given in honour of the Virgin Mary.	A region in southeastern Turkmenistan.	A term of address for a male homosexual.	Any of several other women in the New Testament, notably:	Mary Magdalene, a disciple of Jesus.	Mary of Bethany, the sister of Lazarus and Martha.	The 19th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an, recounting the events leading up to the birth of Jesus.	The mother of Jesus, believed in Christianity and Islam to have been a virgin at his birth, and believed by some Christians to have been born herself without sin, to have ascended to Heaven without death, and to act as a sympathetic intermediary for believers.
think	verb	Ellipsis of think so.	To be of opinion (that); to consider, judge, regard, or look upon (something) as.	To communicate to oneself in one's mind, to try to find a solution to a problem.	To conceive of something or someone (usually followed by of; infrequently, by on).	To guess; to reckon; to believe while admittedly being uncertain.	To have (some statement) in one's mind; to say to oneself mentally.	To plan; to be considering; to be of a mind (to do something).	To ponder, to go over in one's mind.	To presume; to venture.	To seem, to appear.
think	noun	An act of thinking; consideration (of something).
her	det	Belonging to a person of unspecified gender (to counterbalance the traditional "his" in this sense).	Belonging to her (belonging to that female person or animal, or in poetic or old-fashioned language that ship, city, season, etc).
her	pron	The form of she used after a preposition, as the object of a verb, or (colloquial) as a subject with a conjunction; that woman, that ship, etc, or (dialect) as a subject without a conjunction.
her	noun	A female person or animal.
there	adv	After certain determiners, especially 'them', 'that' and 'those', used to emphasise demonstrative sense; see also them there.	After the name of a person perceived as located 'away' from the speaker, used familiarly to indicate that person.	At that point, stage, etc., visualised as a distinct place.	In a notional place or situation of mental soundness and competence; see also all there.	In a notional place where one will provide support or care; see also be there.	In existence in some place.	In its correct position, so as to be fully and properly fitted or inserted.	In or at a place or location (stated, implied or otherwise indicated) that is perceived to be away from, or at a relative distance from, the speaker (compare here).	In that matter, relation, etc..	In this world: used to say that someone or something exists; see also pronoun section below.	Into an undesirable topic or subject matter; see also go there.	To or into a place or location; thither.	Where, there where, in which place.
there	intj	Used to express victory or completion.	Used to offer encouragement or sympathy; see also there, there and there now.
there	noun	That place (previously mentioned or otherwise implied).	That situation; that position.
there	pron	Appended to words of greeting etc.	That.	Used as an expletive subject of be in its sense of “exist”, with the semantic, usually indefinite subject being postponed or (occasionally) implied.	Used with other intransitive verbs of existence, in the same sense, or with other intransitive verbs, adding a sense of existence.	Used with other verbs, when raised.
there	contraction	Misspelling of they’re.
there	det	Misspelling of their.
as	adv	Considered to be, in relation to something else; in the relation (specified).	For example; for instance. (Compare such as.)	To such an extent or degree; to the same extent or degree.	Used to intensify an adjective; very much; extremely
as	conj	At the same instant or moment that: when.	At the same time that, during the same time when: while.	At the time that; during the time when:	Being that, considering that, because, since.	Expressing concession: though.	Functioning as a relative conjunction, and sometimes like a relative pronoun: that, which, who. (See usage notes.)	In the (same) way or manner that; to the (same) degree that.	Introducing a comparison with a hypothetical state (+ subjunctive, or with the verb elided): as though, as if.	Than.	Used after so or as to introduce a comparison.	Used to introduce a result: with the result that it is; as to	Varying through time in the same proportion that.	used before a preposition to clarify that the prepositional phrase restricts the meaning of the sentence; specifically.
as	prep	In the form of.	In the role of.	Introducing a basis of comparison, with an object in the objective case.
as	noun	A libra.	Alternative form of a's.	Any of several coins of Rome, coined in bronze or later copper; or the equivalent value.
all	det	Any.	Every individual or anything of the given class, with no exceptions (the noun or noun phrase denoting the class must be plural or uncountable).	Only; alone; nothing but.	Throughout the whole of (a stated period of time; generally used with units of a day or longer).
all	pron	Everyone.	Everything.	The only thing(s).	Used after who, what, where, how and similar words, either without changing their meaning, or indicating that one expects that they cover more than one element, e.g. that "Who all attended?" is more than one person. (Some dialects only allow this to follow some words and not others.)
all	adv	A quotative particle, compare like.	Apiece; each.	Even; just.	So much; used with "the" and a comparative.	Wholly; entirely; completely; totally.
all	noun	Everything in general; all that matters.	Everything that one is capable of.	The totality of one's possessions.
all	conj	Although.
all	adj	All gone; dead.
good	adj	Able to be depended on for the discharge of obligations incurred; of unimpaired credit; used with for.	Accepting of, OK with	Acting in the interest of what is beneficial, ethical, or moral.	Adequate; sufficient; not fallacious.	Being satisfying; meeting dietary requirements.	Beneficial; worthwhile.	Competent or talented.	Effective.	Favorable.	Full; entire; at least as much as.	Having a particularly pleasant taste.	Healthful.	Holy (especially when capitalized) .	Large in amount or size.	Of a black person, dead or killed.	Of food or other perishable products, still fit for use; not yet expired, stale, rotten, etc.	Of high rank or birth.	Pleasant; enjoyable.	Ready.	Real; actual; serious.	Reasonable in amount.	Right, proper, as it should be.	Satisfied or at ease; not requiring more.	Special, best, favorite.	True, valid, of explanatory strength.	Unblemished; honourable.	Useful for a particular purpose; functional.	Valid, of worth, capable of being honoured.	Very, extremely. See good and.	Well-behaved (especially of children or animals).
good	intj	That is good; an elliptical exclamation of satisfaction or commendation.
good	adv	Well; satisfactorily or thoroughly.
good	noun	A result that is positive in the view of the speaker.	An item of merchandise.	The abstract instantiation of goodness; that which possesses desirable qualities, promotes success, welfare, or happiness, is serviceable, fit, excellent, kind, benevolent, etc.	The forces or behaviours that are the enemy of evil. Usually consists of helping others and general benevolence.
good	verb	To benefit; gain.	To do good to (someone); benefit; cause to improve or gain.	To flatter; congratulate oneself; anticipate.	To furnish with dung; manure; fatten with manure; fertilise.	To make good; turn to good; improve.	To make improvements or repairs.	To satisfy; indulge; gratify.	To thrive; fatten; prosper; improve.
tell	verb	To be revealed.	To convey by speech; to say.	To count, reckon, or enumerate.	To discern, notice, identify or distinguish.	To have an effect, especially a noticeable one; to be apparent, to be demonstrated.	To inform someone in authority about a wrongdoing.	To instruct or inform.	To narrate, to recount.	To order; to direct, to say to someone.	To reveal information in prose through outright expository statement — contrasted with show.	To reveal.	To use (beads or similar objects) as an aid to prayer.
tell	noun	A giveaway; something that unintentionally reveals or hints at a secret.	A hill or mound, originally and especially in the Middle East, over or consisting of the ruins of ancient settlements.	A private message to an individual in a chat room; a whisper.	A reflexive, often habitual behavior, especially one occurring in a context that often features attempts at deception by persons under psychological stress (such as a poker game or police interrogation), that reveals information that the person exhibiting the behavior is attempting to withhold.	That which is told; a tale or account.
about	prep	... look at it properly, her hands are the worst thing about her, visibly, anyway - they're filthy, as are the fingernails, broken and jagged and dark yellow from nicotine, the nicotine stain seems to go right into the palm[…]	... something particularly imaginative about comparative work, however one construes the term “comparison.”[…]	2013 September 5, Simon Gray, The Complete Smoking Diaries, Granta Books, →ISBN	2013 September 5, Simon Gray, The Complete Smoking Diaries, Granta Books, →ISBN:
... look at it properly, her hands are the worst thing about her, visibly, anyway - they're filthy, as are the fingernails, broken and jagged and dark yellow from nicotine, the nicotine stain seems to go right into the palm[…]	2016 October 14, David J. Leonard, Kimberly B. George, Wade Davis, Football, Culture and Power, Taylor & Francis, →ISBN, page 187	2016 October 14, David J. Leonard, Kimberly B. George, Wade Davis, Football, Culture and Power, Taylor & Francis, →ISBN, page 187:
[F]ootball is about more than making plays on the field. It is about making them off the field as well. Our commitment to fans and the communities that support us does not end when the final seconds tick off the game clock	2016, VOA Learning English (public domain)	2021 October 7, Erica S. Simmons, Nicholas Rush Smith, Rethinking Comparison: Innovative Methods for Qualitative Political Inquiry, Cambridge University Press, →ISBN, page 272	2021 October 7, Erica S. Simmons, Nicholas Rush Smith, Rethinking Comparison: Innovative Methods for Qualitative Political Inquiry, Cambridge University Press, →ISBN, page 272:
... something particularly imaginative about comparative work, however one construes the term “comparison.”[…]	Concerned or occupied with; engaged in; intent on.	Concerning; with regard to; on account of; on the subject of.	In a circle around; all round; on every side of; on the outside of; around.	Indicates that something will happen very soon; indicates a plan or intention to do something.	On one’s person; nearby the person.	On or near (one's person); attached as an attribute to; in the makeup of, or at the command of.	On the point or verge of.	Over or upon different parts of; through or over in various directions; here and there in; to and fro in; throughout.	See about to.	Within or in the immediate neighborhood of; in contiguity or proximity to; near, as to place.	[F]ootball is about more than making plays on the field. It is about making them off the field as well. Our commitment to fans and the communities that support us does not end when the final seconds tick off the game clock
about	adv	From one place or position to another in succession; indicating repeated movement or activity.	Here and there; around; in one place and another; up and down.	In circuit; circularly; by a circuitous way; in circumference.	In succession; one after another; in the course of events.	Indicating unproductive or unstructured activity.	Near; in the vicinity.	Nearly; approximately; with close correspondence in quality, manner, degree, quantity, or time; almost.	On all sides, or in every or any direction from a point; around.	To a reversed order; half round; facing in the opposite direction; from a contrary point of view.	To the opposite tack: see go about.
about	adj	In existence; being in evidence; apparent.	Moving around or in motion; astir.	Near; in the vicinity or neighbourhood.
about	verb	To about-face (turn 180 degrees, like a soldier).	To change the course of (a ship) to the other tack; to bring (a ship) about.
time	noun	(uncountable) A straight rhythmic pattern, free from fills, breaks and other embellishments.	A dimension of spacetime with the opposite metric signature to space dimensions; the fourth dimension.	A duration of time.	A measurement of a quantity of time; a numerical or general indication of a length of progression.	A numerical indication of a particular moment.	A particular moment or hour; the appropriate moment or hour for something (especially with prepositional phrase or imperfect subjunctive).	A person's youth or young adulthood, as opposed to the present day.	A quantity of availability of duration.	A ratio of comparison (see also usage notes and prepositional sense at 'times').	A tense.	An era; (with the, sometimes in the plural) the current era, the current state of affairs.	An experience.	An instance or occurrence.	An instant of time.	Change associated with the second law of thermodynamics; the physical and psychological result of increasing entropy.	Clipping of a long time.	Closing time.	Rhythmical division, meter.	Tempo; a measured rate of movement.	The duration of time of a given day that has passed; the moment, as indicated by a clock or similar device.	The end of someone's life, conceived by the speaker as having been predestined.	The feeling of the passage of events and their relative duration, as experienced by an individual.	The hour of childbirth.	The inevitable progression into the future with the passing of present and past events.	The measured duration of sounds.	The measurement under some system of region of day or moment.	The property of a system which allows it to have more than one distinct configuration.	The serving of a prison sentence.	Time out; temporary, limited suspension of play.
time	verb	To choose when something commences or its duration.	To keep or beat time; to proceed or move in time.	To measure or record the time, duration, or rate of something.	To measure, as in music or harmony.	To pass time; to delay.	To regulate as to time; to accompany, or agree with, in time of movement.
time	intj	A call by a bartender to warn patrons that the establishment is closing and no more drinks will be served.	Reminder by the umpire for the players to continue playing after their pause.	The umpire's call in prizefights, etc.
see	verb	Chiefly followed by that: to ensure that something happens, especially by personally witnessing it.	To be the setting or time of.	To come to a realization of having been mistaken or misled.	To date frequently.	To determine by trial or experiment; to find out (if or whether).	To examine something closely, or to utilize something, often as a temporary alternative.	To foresee, predict, or prophesy.	To form a mental picture of.	To have an interview with; especially, to make a call upon; to visit.	To include as one of something's experiences.	To meet, to visit.	To perceive or detect someone or something with the eyes, or as if by sight.	To reference or to study for further details.	To respond to another player's bet with a bet of equal value.	To understand.	To visit for a medical appointment.	To wait upon; attend, escort.	To watch (a movie) at a cinema, or a show on television etc.	To witness or observe by personal experience.	Used to emphasise a proposition.
see	intj	Introducing an explanation
see	noun	A diocese, archdiocese; a region of a church, generally headed by a bishop or an archbishop.	A seat; a site; a place where sovereign power is exercised.	Alternative form of cee; the name of the Latin-script letter C/c.	The office of a bishop or archbishop.
say	verb	Suppose, assume; used to mark an example, supposition or hypothesis.	To bet as a wager on an outcome; by extension, used to express belief in an outcome by the speaker.	To have a common expression; used in singular passive voice or plural active voice to indicate a rumor or well-known fact.	To indicate in a written form.	To pronounce.	To recite.	To speak; to express an opinion; to make answer; to reply.	To tell, either verbally or in writing.	To try; to assay.
say	noun	A chance to speak; the right or power to influence or make a decision.	A strainer for milk.	A type of fine cloth similar to serge.	Essay; trial; attempt.	Trial by sample; assay; specimen.	Tried quality; temper; proof.
say	adv	For example; let us assume.
say	intj	Used to gain someone's attention before making an inquiry or suggestion
make	verb	Of water, to flow toward land; to rise.	To act in a certain manner; to have to do; to manage; to interfere; to be active; often in the phrase to meddle or make.	To add up to, have a sum of.	To appoint; to name.	To arrive at a destination, usually at or by a certain time.	To be engaged or concerned in.	To behave, to act.	To bring about; to effect or produce by means of some action.	To bring into success.	To build, construct, produce, or originate.	To cause (to do something); to compel (to do something).	To cause to appear to be; to represent as.	To cause to be (in a specified place), used after a subjective what.	To cause to be.	To compose verses; to write poetry; to versify.	To constitute.	To cover (a given distance) by travelling.	To cover neatly with bedclothes.	To create (the universe), especially (in Christianity) from nothing.	To create.	To defecate or urinate.	To develop into; to prove to be.	To earn, to gain (money, points, membership or status).	To enact; to establish.	To establish two or more men on (a point) so that it cannot be captured.	To force to do.	To form or formulate in the mind.	To gain sufficient audience to warrant its existence.	To have sexual intercourse with.	To increase; to augment; to accrue.	To indicate or suggest to be.	To induct into the Mafia or a similar organization (as a made man).	To interpret.	To move at (a speed).	To pay, to cover (an expense); chiefly used after expressions of inability.	To perform a feat.	To prepare (food); to cook (food).	To proceed (in a direction).	To recognise, identify, spot.	To take the virginity of.	To tend; to contribute; to have effect; with for or against.	To write or compose.
make	noun	A halfpenny.	A homemade project, particularly one demonstrated on television.	A made basket.	A person's character or disposition.	A promotion.	A software utility for automatically building large applications, or an implementation of this utility.	An agricultural tool resembling a scythe, used to cut (harvest) certain plants such as peas, reeds, or tares.	Brand; marque; manufacturer; maker.	Identification: recognition (of identity), especially from police records or evidence.	Manner or style of construction (style of how a thing is made).	Mate; a spouse or companion; a match.	Origin (of a manufactured article); manufacture; production.	Past, present, or future target of seduction (usually female).	Quantity produced, especially of materials.	The act or process of making something, especially in industrial manufacturing.	The closing of an electrical circuit.	Turn to declare the trump for a hand (in bridge), or to shuffle the cards.
come	verb	To achieve orgasm; to cum; to ejaculate.	To appear; to manifest itself; to cause a reaction by manifesting.	To approach or reach a state of being or accomplishment.	To arrive.	To be or have been a resident or native.	To be supplied, or made available; to exist.	To become butter by being churned.	To become, to turn out to be.	To begin (at a certain location); to radiate or stem (from).	To begin (to have an opinion or feeling).	To carry through; to succeed in.	To do something by chance or unintentionally.	To germinate.	To happen.	To have a certain social background.	To have as an origin, originate.	To have been brought up by or employed by.	To move nearer to the point of perspective.	To move toward an unstated agent.	To move toward the agent or subject of the main clause.	To move toward the listener.	To move toward the object that is the focus of the sentence.	To move toward the speaker.	To pretend to be; to behave in the manner of; to assume the role of.	To take a particular approach or point of view in regard to something.	To take a position relative to something else in a sequence.
come	noun	Alternative form of comma in its medieval use as a middot ⟨·⟩ serving as a form of colon.	Coming, arrival; approach.	Female ejaculatory discharge.	Semen
come	prep	Used to indicate a point in time at or after which a stated event or situation occurs.
come	intj	An exclamation to express annoyance.	An exclamation to express encouragement, or to precede a request.
out	adv	Away from the doer, especially vigorously.	Away from the inside or centre.	Away from, or at a distance from, some point of reference or focus.	Away, or at a distance, in time (relative to, and usually after, the present or a stated event) (often preceded by a stated time period and followed by "from")	Into a state of existence or visibility.	Into a state of non-operation or non-existence.	Of the ball or other playing implement, so as to pass or be situated beyond the bounds of the playing area.	Outside; not indoors.	Shows that an activity has been completed to the point of exhaustion.	So as to be disqualified from playing further by some action of a member of the opposing team (such as being stumped in cricket).	So as to be visible in the sky, and not covered by clouds, fog, etc.	Specifically, away from home or one's usual place.	To the end; completely; so that nothing remains.	Used to intensify or emphasize.
out	prep	From the inside to the outside of; out of.
out	noun	A card which can make a hand a winner.	A dismissal; a state in which a member of the batting team finishes his turn at bat, due to the application of various rules of the game, such as the bowler knocking over the batsman's wicket with the ball.	A dram glass.	A means of exit, escape, reprieve, etc.	A place or space outside of something; a nook or corner; an angle projecting outward; an open space.	A state in which a member of the batting team is removed from play due to the application of various rules of the game such as striking out, hitting a fly ball which is caught by the fielding team before bouncing, etc.	A trip out; an outing.	A word or words omitted by the compositor in setting up copy; an omission.	An outtake.	One who, or that which, is out; especially, one who is out of office.
out	verb	To come or go out; to get out or away; to become public, revealed, or apparent.	To eject; to expel.	To kill; to snuff out.	To reveal (a person or organization) as having a certain secret, such as a being a secret agent or undercover detective.	To reveal (a person) as LGBT+ (gay, trans, etc).	To reveal (a secret).
out	adj	At or near its lowest level.	Available to be seen, or to be interacted with in some way:	Containing errors or discrepancies, or in error by a stated amount.	Discarded; no longer a possibility.	Dismissed from play under the rules of the game.	Falling or passing or being situated beyond the bounds of the playing area.	Freed from secrecy.	In bloom.	No longer acceptable or permissible.	No longer popular or in fashion.	Not (or no longer) acceptable or in consideration, play, availability, or operation:	Not at home, or not at one's office or place of employment.	Not available; out of service.	Not fitted or inserted into something.	Not having availability of a service, such as power or communications.	Not in jail, prison, or captivity; freed from confinement.	Not inside or within a place, especially a place that someone or something was formerly inside or is customarily inside	Not inside or within a place, especially a place that someone or something was formerly inside or is customarily inside:	Not shining or burning.	Of a young lady: having entered society and available to be courted.	Open or public (about something).	Open, public; public about or openly acknowledging some (usually specified) identity.	Openly acknowledging that one is LGBT+ (gay, trans, etc).	Released, available for purchase, download or other use.	Temporarily not in operation, or not being attended as usual.	Unconscious.	Visible in the sky; not obscured by clouds.	Without; no longer in possession of; not having any more.
out	intj	A radio procedure word meaning that the station is finished with its transmission and does not expect a response.	Get out; begone; away!
how	adv	At what price, for what amount (of money).	By what means.	By what title or what name.	In any manner in which; in whatever way; however.	In what form, shape, measure, quantity, etc.	In what manner	In what manner:	In what state or condition.	To what degree or extent.	Used as a modifier to indicate surprise, delight, or other strong feelings in an exclamation.	With overtones of why, for what reason.	With what meaning or effect.
how	conj	That, the fact that.
how	noun	An artificial barrow or tumulus; in later folklore, associated with fairies.	In northern England, a low hill.	The means by which something is accomplished.
how	intj	A greeting, used in representations of Native American speech.
from	prep	Denoting a subtraction operation.	Indicates a starting state of the predicament of the subject. Synonym of since being.	Indicating a starting point in time.	Indicating a starting point on a range or scale.	Indicating a starting point on an array or gamut of conceptual variations.	Indicating differentiation.	Indicating exclusion.	Indicating removal or separation.	Originating at (a year, time, etc.)	Produced with or out of (a substance or material).	Used to indicate a starting point or initial reference.	Used to indicate causation; because of, as a result of.	Used to indicate source or provenance.	With reference to the location or position of a speaker or other observer or vantage point.
one	num	The cardinality of the smallest nonempty set.	The first positive number in the set of natural numbers.	The number represented by the Arabic numeral 1; the numerical value equal to that cardinal number.	The ordinality of an element which has no predecessor, usually called first or number one.
one	pron	Any person (applying to people in general).	Any person, entity or thing.	One thing (among a group of others); one member of a group.	The first mentioned of two things or people, as opposed to the other.	Used as a relative pronoun at the end of a relative clause.
one	noun	A gay person.	A joke or amusing anecdote.	A one-dollar bill.	A particularly special or compatible person or thing.	A person or thing (having some specified characteristic or attribute).	A person with a tendency to do something.	A term of address.	An act of sexual intercourse.	An alcoholic drink, especially a pint or can of beer.	Deliberate misspelling of !, used to amplify an exclamation, parodying unskilled typists who forget to press the shift key while typing exclamation points, thus typing "1".	One o'clock, either a.m. or p.m.	One run scored by hitting the ball and running between the wickets; a single.	The digit or figure 1.	The identity element with respect to multiplication in a ring.	Used to briefly refer to a noun phrase understood by context
one	adj	Being a single, unspecified thing; a; any.	In agreement.	Of a period of time, being particular.	Sole, only.	The same.	Whole, entire.
one	det	A single.	Being a preeminent example.	Being an unknown person with the specified name; see also "a certain".	Used for emphasis in place of a
one	verb	To cause to become one; to gather into a single whole; to unite.
one	particle	A nominalizer used to form a noun phrase without a head noun.	Used at the end of a sentence to highlight the characteristics of someone or something.	Used at the end of a sentence to highlight the likelihood of something occurring, as a characteristic of something else.	Used at the end of a sentence to highlight the originator of something.
up	adv	Against the wind or current.	Aside or away, so as no longer to be present or in use.	Away from the surface of the Earth or other planet; in opposite direction to the downward pull of gravity.	From one's possession or consideration.	In a positive vertical direction.	Indicating movement in any other direction visualised as "up".	Indicating movement towards or location at a higher place or position.	Relatively close to the batsman.	To a higher level of some quantity or notional quantity, such as price, volume, pitch, happiness, etc.	To an upright or erect position.	To one's possession or consideration.	To or at a physically higher or more elevated position.	To or in a position of equal advance or equality; not short of, back of, less advanced than, away from, etc.; usually followed by to or with.	To or towards what is considered the top of something, irrespective of whether this is presently physically higher.	To the north (as north is at the top of typical maps).	To university, especially to Cambridge or Oxford.	Towards or at a central place, or any place that is visualised as 'up' by virtue of local features or local convention, or arbitrarily, irrespective of direction or elevation change.	Towards the principal terminus, towards milepost zero.	Towards the source of a river, against the direction of flow.	Used as an aspect marker to indicate a completed action or state; thoroughly, completely.	Without additional ice.
up	prep	At (a given place, especially one imagined to be higher or more distant from a central location).	From south to north of.	From the mouth towards the source of (a river or waterway).	Further along (in any direction).	Of a person: having sex with.	Toward the center, source, or main point of reference; toward the end at which something is attached.	Toward the top of.
up	adj	Above the horizon, in the sky.	Ahead; leading; winning.	Aloft.	At university (especially Oxford or Cambridge).	Available to view or use; made public; posted.	Awake and out of bed.	Built, constructed.	Chilled and served without ice.	Erect.	Facing upwards.	Finished, to an end	Fitted or fixed at a high or relatively high position, especially on a wall or ceiling.	Functional; working.	Happening; new; of concern. See also what's up, what's up with.	Headed or designated to go upward (as an escalator, stairway, elevator etc.) or toward (as a run-up).	In a good mood.	Indicating a larger or higher quantity.	Larger; greater in quantity, volume, value etc.	Next in a sequence.	On or at a physically higher level.	Raised; lifted.	Riding the horse; mounted.	Risen up, rebelling, in revolt.	Said of the higher-ranking pair in a two pair.	Standing; upright.	Traveling towards a major terminus.	Well-informed; current.	Willing; ready.	well-known; renowned
up	noun	A positive thing, or a time or situation when things are going well.	An up quark.	An upstairs room of a two story house.	The direction opposed to the pull of gravity.
up	verb	To ascend; to climb up.	To increase the level or amount of.	To physically raise or lift.	To promote.	To rise to a standing position; hence, by extension, to act suddenly; see also up and.	To upload.
if	conj	A keyword that invokes conditional processing: in the event that a given condition is true, execute the given statement(s) (otherwise execute other statements).	Although; used to introduce a concession; may..but.	Considering the fact that; given that; introducing a condition that is known to be true.	Even if; even in the circumstances that.	Introducing a relevance conditional; in case.	Supposing that, assuming that, in the circumstances that; used to introduce a condition that may be (or prove to be) either true or false.	Supposing that; used with past or past perfect subjunctive to indicate a counterfactual or hypothetical condition.	When; whenever; every time that.	Whether; used to introduce a noun clause, an indirect question, that functions as the direct object of certain verbs.
if	noun	An uncertainty, possibility, condition, doubt etc.
take	verb	An intensifier.	To absorb or be impregnated by (dye, ink, etc.); to be susceptible to being treated by (polish, etc.).	To accept (zero or more arguments).	To accept and follow (advice, etc.).	To accept as an input to a relation.	To accept, be given (rightly or wrongly), or assume (especially as if by right).	To adhere or be absorbed properly.	To adopt (select) as one's own.	To apply oneself to the study of.	To appropriate or transfer into one's own possession, sometimes by physically carrying off.	To ascertain or determine by measurement, examination or inquiry.	To assume (a form).	To assume and undertake the duties of (a job, an office, etc.).	To assume or perform (a form or role).	To assume or suppose; to reckon; to regard or consider.	To avail oneself of; to exploit.	To be able to be accurately or beautifully photographed.	To become; to be affected in a specified way.	To begin to grow after being grafted or planted; to (literally or figuratively) take root, take hold.	To believe, to accept the statements of.	To bind oneself by.	To buy.	To captivate or charm; to gain or secure the interest or affection of.	To capture or win (a piece or trick) in a game.	To carry or lead (something or someone).	To catch or contract (an illness, etc.).	To catch or get possession of (fish or game).	To catch the ball; especially as a wicket-keeper and after the batsman has missed or edged it.	To catch; to engage.	To cause to change to a specified state or condition.	To come upon or catch (in a particular state or situation).	To conclude or form (a decision or an opinion) in the mind.	To consider in a particular way, or to consider as an example.	To consume (food or drink).	To deal with.	To decline to swing at (a pitched ball); to refrain from hitting at, and allow to pass.	To defeat (someone or something) in a fight.	To deliver, bring, give (something) to (someone).	To derive (as a title); to obtain from a source.	To draw, derive, or deduce (a meaning from something).	To engage, take hold or have effect.	To escort or conduct (a person).	To exact.	To experience or feel.	To fill or require: to last or expend (an amount of time).	To fill, occupy, require, or use up (space).	To get into one's hands, possession, or control, with or without force.	To get or accept (something) into one's possession.	To give or deliver (a blow, to someone); to strike or hit.	To go into, through, or along.	To go or move into.	To go.	To grasp or grip.	To have and use one's recourse to.	To have sex with.	To have to be used with (a certain grammatical form, etc.).	To lead (to a place); to serve as a means of reaching.	To let in (water).	To make (a photograph, film, or other reproduction of something).	To make a picture, photograph, etc. of (a person, scene, etc.).	To obtain for use by payment or lease.	To obtain money from, especially by swindling.	To obtain or receive regularly by (paid) subscription.	To participate in.	To pass (or attempt to pass) through or around.	To perform (a role).	To portray in a painting.	To practice; perform; execute; carry out; do.	To proceed to fill.	To receive (medicine or drugs) into one's body, e.g. by inhalation or swallowing; to ingest.	To receive into some relationship.	To receive or accept (something) as payment or compensation.	To receive or accept (something, especially something which was given).	To receive or acquire (property) by law (e.g. as an heir).	To regard in a specified way.	To remove or end by death; to kill.	To remove.	To require (a person, resource or thing in order to achieve an outcome).	To seize or capture.	To select or choose; to pick.	To submit to; to endure (without ill humor, resentment, or physical failure).	To subtract.	To suffer; to endure (a hardship or damage).	To transport or carry; to convey to another place.	To undergo; to put oneself into, to be subjected to.	To understand (especially in a specified way).	To use as a means of transportation.	To visit; to include in a course of travel.	To win acceptance, favor or favorable reception; to charm people.	To write down; to get in, or as if in, writing.	Used in phrasal verbs: take in, take off, take on, take out, take to, take something to, take up.
take	noun	A catch of the ball (in cricket, especially one by the wicket-keeper).	A recording of a musical performance made during an uninterrupted single recording period.	A scene recorded (filmed) at one time, without an interruption or break; a recording of such a scene.	A visible (facial) response to something, especially something unexpected; a facial gesture in response to an event.	An approach, a (distinct) treatment.	An instance of successful inoculation/vaccination.	An interpretation or view, opinion or assessment; perspective; a statement expressing such a position.	Money that is taken in, (legal or illegal) proceeds, income; (in particular) profits; takings.	Something that is taken; a haul.	The or a quantity of fish, game animals or pelts, etc which have been taken at one time; catch.	The or an act of taking.	The quantity of copy given to a compositor at one time.
would	verb	A modal verb, the subjunctive of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.	Could naturally be expected to (given the situation, the tendencies of someone's character etc.).	Might desire; wish (something).	Might wish (+ verb in past subjunctive); often used in the first person (with or without that) in the sense of "if only".	Past tense of will; usually followed by a bare infinitive.	Suggesting conditionality or potentiality in order to express a sense of politeness, tentativeness, indirectness, hesitancy, uncertainty, etc.	Used as the auxiliary of the simple conditional modality, indicating a state or action that is conditional on another.	Used interrogatively to express a polite request; are (you) willing to …?	Used to express the speaker's belief or assumption.	Used to express what the speaker would do in another person's situation, as a means of giving a suggestion or recommendation.	Used to form the "anterior future", or "future in the past", indicating a futurity relative to a past time.	Used to, did repeatedly, habitually; indicates an action that happened several times in the past (cannot describe continuous states, as in I used to live in London)	Used with ellipsis of the infinitive verb, or postponement to a relative clause, in various senses.	Wanted to.	Was or were determined to; indicating someone's insistence upon doing something.	Wished, desired (something).	Without explicit condition, or with loose or vague implied condition, indicating a hypothetical or imagined state or action.
would	noun	Something that would happen, or would be the case, under different circumstances; a potentiality.
would	intj	Ellipsis of I would, used to denote that the speaker finds another person sexually attractive.
by	prep	Acted on in units of the specified size or measure. (Sometimes hyperbolically)	At, with, among	Designates a horse's male parent (sire); cf. out of.	Following a noun.	Following a passive verb.	Following an adjective.	From one side of something to the other, passing close by; past.	In the formulae X by X and by Xs, indicates a steady progression, one X after another.	Indicates a means of achieving something: Involving/using the means of.	Indicates a means of classification or organisation.	Indicates a referenced source: According to.	Indicates an authority according to which something is done.	Indicates the amount of change, difference or discrepancy	Indicates the creator of a work: Existing through the authorship etc. of.	Indicates the person or thing that does or causes something: Through the action or presence of.	Invokes an authority in an oath.	Near or next to.	Not later than (the given time); not later than the end of (the given time interval).	Per; with or in proportion to each.	Used to separate dimensions when describing the size of something.	in a windward direction, sailing near to the direction from which the wind is blowing	multiplied by or (chiefly South Asia) divided by
by	adv	Along a path which runs past someone or something.	Aside, away.	In the vicinity, near.	To or at a place, as a residence or place of business.
by	adj	Out of the way, off to one side.	Subsidiary, incidental.
by	noun	Alternative form of bye.
by	intj	Dated form of bye (“goodbye”).
very	adj	The same; identical.	True, real, actual.	With limiting effect: mere.
very	adv	Conforming to fact, reality or rule; true.	To a great extent or degree.	Used to firmly establish that nothing else surpasses in some respect.
when	adv	A circumstance or situation in which.	At an earlier time and under different, usually less favorable, circumstances.	At what time? At which time? Upon which occasion or circumstance? Used to introduce direct or indirect questions about time.	At which, on which, during which: often omitted or replaced with that.	The time at, on or during which.	Used after a noun or noun phrase in isolation to express impatience with an anticipated future event.
when	conj	At (or as soon as) that time that; at the (or any and every) time that; if.	At what time; at which time.	During the time that; at the time of the action of the following clause or participle phrase.	Since; given the fact that; considering that.	Whereas; although; at the same time as; in spite of the fact that.
when	pron	What time; which time.
when	noun	The time at which something happens.
when	intj	Expressing impatience.	That's enough: a command asking someone to stop adding something, especially an ingredient or portion of food or drink; used in, or as if in, literal response to 'Say when'.
here	adv	After certain determiners, especially 'this' and 'these', used to emphasise demonstrative sense; see also this here.	After the name of a person perceived as located close to the speaker, used familiarly to indicate that person.	At this point or stage (in a process, argument, narration, etc.)	In this context.	In this matter.	In, on, or at this place (a place perceived to be close to the speaker); compare there.	Notionally at the speaker's location by virtue of happening now.	To this place; used in place of the literary or archaic hither.
here	adj	Alive
here	noun	This place; this location.	This point or stage in time, conceptualised as a location.	This time, the present situation.
here	intj	Said in response to one's name being called during a roll call, indicating that one is present.	Said to command a person or higher animal to come to the speaker.	Used for emphasis at the beginning of a sentence when expressing an opinion or want.	Used semi-assertively to offer something to the listener.	Used to attract someone's attention, often in a hostile way.
but	prep	Apart from, except (for), excluding.	Outside of.
but	adv	Merely, only, just, no more than	Though, however.
but	conj	Except that (introducing a subordinate clause which qualifies a negative statement); also, (archaic) with omission of the subject of the subordinate clause, acting as a negative relative, "except one that", "except such that".	Except with; unless with; without.	However, although, nevertheless, on the other hand (introducing a clause contrary to prior belief or in contrast with the preceding clause or sentence).	On the contrary, rather (as a regular adversative conjunction, introducing a word or clause in contrast or contradiction with the preceding negative clause or sentence).	Only; solely; merely.	That.	Until.	Used at the beginning of a sentence to express opposition to a remark.	Used to link an interjection to the following remark as an intensifier.	Without it also being the case that; unless that (introducing a necessary concomitant).
but	noun	A limit; a boundary.	An instance of using the word "but"; an objection or caveat.	The end; especially the larger or thicker end, or the blunt, in distinction from the sharp, end; the butt.	The outer room of a small two-room cottage.
but	verb	Use the word "but".
no	det	Hardly any.	Not (a); not properly, not really; not fully.	Not any possibility or allowance of (doing something).	Not any.
no	adv	Alternative form of No..	Not, not at all.	Not.	Used before different, before comparatives with more and less, and idiomatically before other comparatives.	Used idiomatically before certain other adjectives.
no	particle	Used to show agreement with a negative question.	Used to show disagreement, negation, denial, refusal, or prohibition.	Used together with an affirmative word or phrase to show agreement.
no	prep	Like.	Not, does not, do not, etc.	Without.
no	noun	A negating expression; an answer that shows disagreement, denial, refusal, or disapproval.	A vote not in favor, or opposing a proposition.	Alternative form of No..
no	verb	To answer with “no”; to decline, reject.	To say “no”.
look	verb	As a transitive verb, often in the imperative; chiefly takes relative clause as direct object.	As an intransitive verb, often with "at".	To appear, to seem.	To check, to make sure (of something).	To expect or anticipate.	To express or manifest by a look.	To face or present a view.	To give an appearance of being.	To influence, overawe, or subdue by looks or presence.	To look at a pitch as a batter without swinging at it.	To look at; to turn the eyes toward.	To make sure of, to see to.	To search for, to try to find.	To seek; to search for.	To show oneself in looking.	To try to see, to pay attention to with one’s eyes.
look	intj	Pay attention.
look	noun	A facial expression.	Physical appearance, visual impression.	The action of looking; an attempt to see.
just	adj	Factually right, correct; factual.	Morally right; upright, righteous, equitable; fair.	Proper, adequate.	Rationally right, correct.
just	adv	Absolutely, positively	Barely, hardly, scarcely.	By a narrow margin; closely; narrowly; almost not.	Exactly, precisely, perfectly.	Introduces a disappointing or surprising outcome that renders futile something previously mentioned.	Moments ago, only very recently.	Only, simply, merely.	Used to convey a less serious or formal tone	Used to increase the force of an imperative; simply, without questioning.	Used to reduce the force of an imperative; simply.	Used to show humility, earnestness, devotion, etc., during prayer or worship.
just	intj	Expressing dismay or discontent.
just	noun	A joust, tournament.
just	verb	To joust, fight a tournament.
so	conj	As a result; for that reason; therefore; because of this; due to this.	Provided that; on condition that; as long as.	Reduced form of 'so that', used to express purpose; in order that.	Used to connect previous conversation or events to the following question.	Used to introduce a rhetorical question.
so	adv	In the same manner or to the same extent as aforementioned; likewise, also.	Indeed.	To such an extent or degree; as.	To the (explicitly stated) extent.	To the (implied) extent.	Very (positive or negative clause).	Very much.	at all (negative clause).
so	adj	Agreeing with actual facts or reality; true.	Homosexual.	In that state or manner; with that attribute. A proadjective that replaces the aforementioned adjective phrase.
so	intj	Be as you are; stand still; used especially to cows; also used by sailors.	Used after a pause for thought to introduce a new topic, question or story, or a new thought or question in continuation of an existing topic.	Used as a meaningless filler word to begin a response to a question.	Used as a question to ask for further explanation of something said, often rhetorically or in a dismissive or impolite manner.
so	pron	Abbreviation of someone.	That which was previously mentioned; that.
so	noun	A syllable used in solfège to represent the fifth note of a major scale.	A type of dairy product, made especially in Japan between the seventh and tenth centuries, by reducing milk by boiling it.
could	verb	Used as a past subjunctive (contrary to fact).	Used to politely ask for permission to do something.	Used to politely ask for someone else to do something.	Used to show the possibility that something might happen.	Used to suggest something.	conditional of can	past participle of can	simple past of can
could	noun	Something that could happen, or could be the case, under different circumstances; a potentiality.
need	noun	A requirement for something; something needed.	Lack of means of subsistence; poverty; indigence; destitution.
need	verb	To be necessary (to someone).	To be obliged or required (to do something).	To be required; to be necessary.	To have an absolute requirement for.	To want strongly; to feel that one must have something.
should	verb	An alternative to would with first person subjects.	In questions, asks what is correct, proper, desirable, etc.	Indicates that something is expected to have happened or to be the case now.	Ought to; expressing expectation.	Ought to; indicating opinion, advice, or instruction, about what is required or desirable.	To make a statement of what ought to be true, as opposed to reality.	Used to express a conditional outcome.	Used to express what the speaker would do in another person's situation, as a means of giving a suggestion or recommendation.	Used to form a variant of the present subjunctive, expressing a state or action that is hypothetical, potential, mandated, etc.	Used to give advice or opinion that an action is, or would have been, beneficial or desirable.	Used to impart a tentative, conjectural or polite nuance.	Used to issue an instruction (traditionally seen as carrying less force of authority than alternatives such as 'shall' or 'must').	Will be likely to (become or do something); indicates a degree of possibility or probability that the stated thing will happen or be true in the future.	With verbs such as 'see' or 'hear', usually in the second person, used to point out something remarkable in either a good or bad way.	simple past of shall
should	noun	Something that ought to be the case as opposed to already being the case.
work	noun	A factory; a works.	A fortification.	A literary, artistic, or intellectual production; a creative work.	A measure of energy expended in moving an object; most commonly, force times distance. No work is done if the object does not move.	A measure of energy that is usefully extracted from a process: applied productively.	Effort expended on a particular task.	Effort.	Employment.	Labour, occupation, job.	One's employer.	Ore before it is dressed.	Plastic surgery.	Prison gang violence.	Product; the result of effort.	Something on which effort is expended.	Something produced using the specified material or tool.	Sustained effort to overcome obstacles and achieve a result.	The confident attitude of a drag queen.	The equipment needed to inject a drug (syringes, needles, swabs etc.)	The place where one is employed.	The result of a particular manner of production.	The staging of events to appear as real.
work	verb	General use, said of either fellow employees or instruments or clients [with with].	Said of a company or individual who employs [with for].	Said of one's job title [with as].	Said of one's workplace (building), or one's department, or one's trade (sphere of business) [with in or at].	To behave in a certain way when handled	To cause (someone) to feel (something); to do unto somebody (something, whether good or bad).	To cause to ferment.	To cause to happen or to occur as a consequence.	To cause to move slowly or with difficulty.	To cause to operate, be productive, behave a certain way, or happen.	To do a specific task by employing physical or mental powers.	To embroider with thread.	To exhaust, by working.	To ferment.	To force to work.	To function correctly; to act as intended; to achieve the goal designed for.	To hurt; to ache.	To influence.	To move in an agitated manner.	To move or progress slowly [with one's way].	To move or progress slowly or with difficulty.	To perform with a confident attitude, particularly as a drag queen.	To provoke or excite; to influence.	To pull off; to wear, perform, etc. successfully or to advantage.	To set into action.	To shape, form, or improve a material.	To use or manipulate to one’s advantage.	To work or operate in a certain place, area, or speciality.	To work or operate in, through, or by means of.
person	noun	A character or part, as in a play; a specific kind or manifestation of individual character, whether in real life, or in literary or dramatic representation; an assumed character.	A human of unspecified gender (in terms usually constructed with man or woman).	A linguistic category used to distinguish between the speaker of an utterance and those to whom or about whom they are speaking. See grammatical person.	A shoot or bud of a plant; a polyp or zooid of the compound Hydrozoa, Anthozoa, etc.; also, an individual, in the narrowest sense, among the higher animals.	A soulmate; someone, especially a romantic partner, with whom one is exceptionally compatible and connected.	A worker in a specified function or specialty.	An individual who has been granted personhood; usually a human being.	Any individual or formal organization with standing before the courts.	Any one of the three hypostases of the Holy Trinity: the Father, Son, or Holy Spirit.	Any sapient or socially intelligent being.	Someone who likes or has an affinity for (a specified thing).	The human genitalia; specifically, the penis.	The physical body of a being seen as distinct from the mind, character, etc.
person	verb	To man, to supply with staff or crew.	To represent as a person; to personify; to impersonate.
give	verb	To allow or admit by way of supposition; to concede.	To attribute; to assign; to adjudge.	To become soft or moist.	To carry out (a physical interaction) with (something).	To cause (a disease or condition) in, or to transmit (a disease or condition) to.	To cause (a sensation or feeling) to exist in (the specified person, or the target, audience, etc).	To cause (someone) to have; produce in (someone); effectuate.	To cause; to make; used with the infinitive.	To communicate or announce (advice, tidings, etc.); to pronounce or utter (an opinion, a judgment, a shout, etc.).	To devote or apply (oneself).	To estimate or predict (a duration or probability) for (something).	To exhibit as a product or result; to produce; to yield.	To give off (a certain vibe or appearance). (Compare giving.)	To grant power, permission, destiny, etc. (especially to a person); to allot; to allow.	To have a misgiving.	To lead (onto or into).	To make a present or gift of.	To move, shift, provide something abstract or concrete to someone or something or somewhere.	To pass (something) into (someone's hand, etc.).	To pledge.	To present someone to an audience.	To propose someone for a toast, used in standard formulations for toasts.	To provide (something) to (someone), to allow or afford.	To provide a view of.	To provide or administer (a medication)	To provide, as, a service or a broadcast.	To shed tears; to weep.	To transfer one's possession or holding of (something) to (someone).	To yield or collapse under pressure or force.
give	noun	Alternative form of gyve.	The amount of bending that something undergoes when a force is applied to it; a tendency to yield under pressure; resilience.
who	pron	Also used with names of collective nouns that are groups of people, especially singularly-named musical groups or sports teams.	Introduces a relative clause having a human antecedent.	What person or people; which person or people; asks for the identity of someone; used in a direct or indirect question.	Whoever, he who, they who.	With antecedent as object: whom.	With antecedent as subject.
who	noun	A person under discussion; a question of which person.
who	det	whose
why	adv	For what cause, reason, or purpose.	For which cause, reason, or purpose.	Introducing a complete question.	Introducing a noun or other phrase.	Introducing a verb phrase (bare infinitive clause).	The cause, reason, or purpose for which.	With a negative, used rhetorically to make a suggestion.
why	noun	A young heifer.	Alternative form of wye; the name of the Latin-script letter Y/y.	Reason.
why	intj	An exclamation used to express pleasant or unpleasant mild surprise, indignation, or impatience.
why	verb	To ask (someone) the question "why?".
help	noun	A study aid.	Action given to provide assistance; aid.	Correction of deficits, as by psychological counseling or medication or social support or remedial training.	Documentation provided with computer software that could be accessed using the computer.	One or more people employed to help in the maintenance of a house or the operation of a farm or enterprise.	Something or someone which provides assistance with a task.
help	verb	To assist (a person) in getting something, especially food or drink at table; used with to.	To assist or sympathize with (the speaker); used to express displeasure, disappointment or exasperation.	To avoid; to prevent; to refrain from; to restrain (oneself). Usually used in nonassertive contexts with can.	To contribute in some way to.	To do something on the behalf of someone.	To provide assistance to (someone or something).	To provide assistance.
help	intj	A cry of distress or an urgent request for assistance	A way to signal uncontrollable laughter; implying the risk of dying of laughter and needing assistance.
more	det	Additional; further.	Bigger, stronger, or more valuable.	comparative degree of many: in greater number. (Used for a discrete quantity.)	comparative degree of much: in greater quantity, amount, or proportion. (Used for a continuous quantity.)
more	adv	In negative constructions: any further, any longer; any more.	To a greater degree or extent.	Used in addition to an inflected comparative form.	Used to form the comparative form of adjectives and adverbs.
more	pron	A greater number or quantity (of something).	An extra or additional quantity (of something).
more	adj	comparative degree of many: in greater number. (Used for a discrete quantity.)	comparative degree of much: in greater quantity, amount, or proportion. (Used for a continuous quantity.)
more	noun	A carrot; a parsnip.	A plant; flower; shrub.	A root; stock.	singular of mores
more	verb	To root up.
than	conj	Because; for.	Used in comparisons, to introduce the basis of comparison.
than	prep	Introduces a comparison, and is associated with comparatives, and with words such as more, less, and fewer. Typically, it seeks to measure the force of an adjective or similar description between two predicates.
than	adv	At that time; then.
never	adv	At no time; on no occasion; in no circumstance.	Negative particle (used to negate verbs in the simple past tense; also used absolutely).	Not at any other time; not on any other occasion; not previously.
never	verb	Did not; didn't.
never	intj	A statement of defiance
let	verb	To allow possession of (a property etc.) in exchange for rent.	To allow the release of (a fluid).	To allow to be or do without interference; to not disturb or meddle with; to leave alone.	To allow to, not to prevent (+ infinitive, but usually without to).	To cause (+ bare infinitive).	To give, grant, or assign, as a work, privilege, or contract; often with out.	To hinder, prevent, impede, hamper, cumber; to obstruct (someone or something).	To prevent someone from doing something; also to prevent something from happening.	To tarry or delay.	Used to introduce a first or third person imperative verb construction.
let	noun	An obstacle or hindrance.	The allowing of possession of a property etc. in exchange for rent.	The hindrance caused by the net during serve, only if the ball falls legally.
now	adj	At the time the will is written. Used in order to prevent any inheritance from being transferred to a person of a future marriage. Does not indicate the existence of a previous marriage.	Fashionable; popular; up to date; current.	Present; current.
now	adv	At the present point of a recurring cycle or event.	At the present time.	At the time reached within a narration.	Differently from the immediate past; differently from a more remote past or a possible future; differently from all other times.	Sometimes; occasionally; used to list a series of often assumed states.	Used to address a switching side, or sharp change in attitude from before.	Used to indicate a context of urgency.	Used to introduce a point, a qualification of what has previously been said, a remonstration or a rebuke.	Very recently; not long ago; up to the present.
now	conj	Since, because, in light of the fact.
now	intj	Indicates a signal to begin.
now	noun	A particular instant in time, as perceived at that instant.	The present time.	The state of not paying attention to the future or the past.
now	verb	Misspelling of know.
day	noun	A 24-hour period beginning at 6am or sunrise.	A period of contention of a day or less.	A period of time between two set times which mark the beginning and the end of day in a calendar, such as from midnight to the following midnight or (Judaism) from nightfall to the following nightfall.	A period of time equal or almost equal to a full day-night cycle, being 24 hours long.	A specified time or period; time, considered with reference to the existence or prominence of a person or thing; age; time; era.	An observance lasting for a day, such as an annual holiday.	The part of a day period which one spends at one’s job, school, etc.	The rotational period of a planet.	The time taken for the Earth to make a full rotation about its axis with respect to the fixed stars; a sidereal day or stellar day.	The time taken for the Sun to seem to be in the same place in the sky twice; a solar day.	The time when the Sun is above the horizon and it lights the sky.
day	verb	To spend a day (in a place).
well	adv	Accurately, competently, satisfactorily.	Completely, fully.	In a desirable manner; so as one could wish; satisfactorily; favourably; advantageously.	To a significant degree.	Very (as a general-purpose intensifier).
well	adj	Good to eat; tasty, delicious.	Good, content.	In good health.	Prudent; good; well-advised.
well	intj	An exclamation of indignance.	An exclamation of sarcastic surprise (often doubled or tripled and spoken in a lowering intonation).	Used as a greeting, short for "Are you well?"	Used as a question to demand an answer from someone reluctant to answer.	Used in speech to express the overcoming of reluctance to say something.	Used in speech to fill gaps, particularly at the beginning of a response to a question; filled pause.	Used to acknowledge a statement or situation.
well	noun	A compartment in the middle of the hold of a fishing vessel, made tight at the sides, but having holes perforated in the bottom to let in water to keep fish alive while they are transported to market.	A hole or excavation in the earth, in mining, from which run branches or galleries.	A hole sunk into the ground as a source of water, oil, natural gas or other fluids.	A place where a liquid such as water surfaces naturally; a spring.	A small depression suitable for holding liquid or other objects.	A source of supply.	A vertical passage in the stern into which an auxiliary screw propeller may be drawn up out of the water.	A vertical, cylindrical trunk in a ship, reaching down to the lowest part of the hull, through which the bilge pumps operate.	A well drink.	An opening through the floors of a building, as for a staircase or an elevator; a wellhole.	In a microtiter plate, each of the small equal circular or square sections which serve as test tubes.	The cockpit of a sailboat.	The lower part of a furnace, into which the metal falls.	The open space between the bench and the counsel tables in a courtroom.	The playfield of Tetris and similar video games, into which the blocks fall.	The region of an interface that contains tabs.
well	verb	To have something seep out of the surface.	To issue forth, as water from the earth; to flow; to spring.
leave	verb	To cause or allow (something) to remain as available; to refrain from taking (something) away; to stop short of consuming or otherwise depleting (something) entirely.	To cause, to result in.	To depart from; to end one's connection or affiliation with.	To depart; to go away from a certain place or state.	To depart; to separate from.	To die (the object denotes those affected by the death).	To end one's membership in (a group); to terminate one's affiliation with (an organization); to stop participating in (a project).	To give (something) to someone; to deliver (something) to a repository; to deposit.	To give leave to; allow; permit; let; grant.	To have a consequence or remnant.	To let be or do without interference.	To produce leaves or foliage.	To put; to place; to deposit; to deliver, with a sense of withdrawing oneself.	To raise; to levy.	To remain (behind); to stay.	To stop, desist from; to "leave off" (+ noun / gerund).	To transfer possession of after death.	To transfer responsibility or attention of (something) (to someone); to stop being concerned with.	To transfer something.
leave	noun	Farewell, departure.	Permission to be absent; time away from one's work.	Permission.	The action of the batsman not attempting to play at the ball.	The arrangement of balls in play that remains after a shot is made (which determines whether the next shooter — who may be either the same player, or an opponent — has good options, or only poor ones).	The tiles remaining on a player's rack after his or her turn.
some	pron	A certain number, at least two.	An indefinite amount; a part. Used mostly with abstract and nonliving objects.	An indefinite quantity.	someone, a certain person.
some	det	A certain, an unspecified or unknown.	A considerable quantity or number of.	A nonzero, unspecified proportion of (a bounded set of countable things): at least two.	A nonzero, unspecified quantity or number of (an unbounded set of countable things).	A remarkable.	An unspecified amount of (something uncountable).	Approximately, about (with a number).	Emphasizing a number.
some	adv	Of a measurement: approximately, roughly.	To a certain extent, or for a certain period.
our	det	Belonging to a third person, especially someone in the speaker's care.	Belonging to an individual being addressed; used especially of a person in the speaker's care, or to whom advice or instruction is being given.	Belonging to everyone being addressed.	Belonging to people in general.	Belonging to us, excluding the person(s) being addressed (exclusive our).	Belonging to us, including the person(s) being addressed (inclusive our).	Of, from, or belonging to any entity that the speaker is a part of or identifies with, such as place of employment or education, nation, region, language, etc.	Used before a person's name to indicate that the person is in one's family, or is a very close friend.	Used to imply connection between the speaker's experiences or activities and a group of listeners.
our	verb	Misspelling of are.
much	det	A great number of; many (people).	A large amount of.	Used to indicate, demonstrate or compare the quantity of something.	many ( + plural countable noun).
much	adj	Large, great.	Long in duration.
much	adv	Almost.	Combining with an adjective or (occasionally) a noun, used in a rhetorical question to mock someone for having the specified quality.	Often; frequently.	To a great extent.	Used to indicate or compare extent.	for emphasis or to indicate a great difference
much	pron	A large amount or great extent.
ask	verb	To invite.	To publish in church for marriage; said of both the banns and the persons.	To put forward (a question) to be answered.	To request (an item or service); see also ask for.	To request (information, or an answer to a question).	To request (someone to do something).	To request or enquire of (a person).	To request or petition.	To request permission (to do something).	To require, demand, claim, or expect, whether by way of remuneration or return, or as a matter of necessity.	To take (a person's situation) as an example.
ask	noun	A lizard.	A message sent to a blog on social networking platform Tumblr, which can be publicly posted and replied to by the recipient.	An act or instance of asking.	An asking price.	An eft; newt.	Something asked or asked for.
talk	verb	To communicate, usually by means of speech.	To confess, especially implicating others.	To criticize someone for something of which one is guilty oneself.	To discuss; to talk about.	To gossip; to create scandal.	To influence someone to express something, especially a particular stance or viewpoint or in a particular manner.	To manifest outwardly in speech, as opposed to reality or action.	To speak (a certain language).	Used to emphasise the importance, size, complexity etc. of the thing mentioned.
talk	noun	A conversation or discussion; usually serious, but informal.	A customary conversation by parent(s) or guardian(s) with their (often teenage) child about a reality of life; in particular:	A customary conversation in which parent(s) explain sexual intercourse to their child.	A customary conversation in which the parent(s) of a black child explain the racism and violence they may face, especially when interacting with police, and strategies to manage it.	A lecture.	A major topic of social discussion.	Empty boasting, promises or claims.	Gossip; rumour.	Meeting to discuss a particular matter.
where	adv	A situation or case in which.	In a/the situation, position, case, etc. in which.	In what situation.	In, at or to any place (that); wherever; anywhere.	In, at or to the place (that) or a place (that).	In, at or to what place.	In, at or to which.	The place in, at or to which.
where	conj	That.	While on the contrary; although; whereas.
where	pron	What place.
where	noun	The place in which something happens.
really	adv	Actually; in fact; in reality.	In a way or manner that is real, not unreal.	Very (modifying an adjective); very much (modifying a verb).
really	intj	A phatic confirmation by a listener, to signal active listening; mostly devoid of literal meaning, with the phatically contrived incredulity being merely formulaic.	Indicating affirmation, agreement.	Indicating displeasure at another person's behaviour or statement.	Indicating surprise at, or requesting confirmation of, some new information; to express skepticism.	Indicating that what was just said was obvious and unnecessary; contrived incredulity
really	verb	Alternative form of re-ally.
man	noun	A human, a person regardless of gender or sex, usually an adult.	A husband.	A male enthusiast or devotee; a male who is very fond of or devoted to a specified kind of thing.	A male lover; a boyfriend.	A male person, usually an adult; a (generally adult male) sentient being, whether human, supernatural, elf, alien, etc.	A member of the genus Homo, especially of the species Homo sapiens.	A person, usually male, who can fulfill one's requirements with regard to a specified matter.	A person, usually male, who has duties or skills associated with a specified thing.	A piece or token used in board games such as backgammon.	A player on whom another is playing, with the intent of limiting their attacking impact.	A soldier below the rank of a non-commissioned officer.	A term of familiar address often implying on the part of the speaker some degree of authority, impatience, or haste.	A term of familiar address usually reserved for other adult males. It works both with ones whose name is known and ones whose name is unknown.	A vassal; a subject.	All human males collectively: mankind.	All humans collectively; mankind, humankind, humanity.	An adult male human.	An adult male servant.	An adult male who belongs to a particular group: an employee, a representative, etc.	An adult male who has, to an eminent degree, qualities considered masculine, such as strength, integrity, and devotion to family; a mensch.	Manliness; the quality or state of being manly.	One of the player's chances to play, lost when the player's character dies or when certain mistakes are made.	Used as the last element of a compound.
man	adj	Synonym of manly. (Only used in man enough.)
man	intj	Used to place emphasis upon something or someone; sometimes, but not always, when actually addressing a man.
man	pron	Any person, one	Used to refer to oneself or one's group: I, we; construed in the third person.	You; construed in the third person.
man	verb	To accustom (a raptor or other type of bird) to the presence of people.	To brace (oneself), to fortify or steel (oneself) in a manly way. (Compare man up.)	To supply (something) with staff or crew (of either sex).	To take up position in order to operate (something).	To wait on, attend to or escort.
man	name	A command used to display help pages in Unix and Unix-like operating systems.
find	verb	To arrive at, as a conclusion; to determine as true; to establish.	To attain to; to arrive at; to acquire.	To decide that, to conclude that, to form the opinion that, to consider.	To determine or judge.	To discover by study or experiment directed to an object or end.	To discover game.	To encounter or discover by accident; to happen upon.	To encounter or discover something being searched for; to locate.	To gain, as the object of desire or effort.	To locate	To locate on behalf of another.	To meet with; to receive.	To point out.	To provide for	To successfully pass to or shoot the ball into.	To supply; to furnish.
find	noun	Anything that is found (usually valuable), as objects on an archeological site or a person with talent.	The act of finding.
its	det	Belonging to it.
its	pron	The one (or ones) belonging to it.
its	contraction	Obsolete spelling of it's.
its	noun	plural of it
something	pron	A quality to a moderate degree.	A talent or quality that is difficult to specify.	An uncertain or unspecified thing; one thing.	Somebody who or something that is superlative or notable in some way.
something	adj	Having a characteristic that the speaker cannot specify.
something	adv	Somewhat; to a degree.	Used to adverbialise a following adjective
something	verb	Designates an action whose name is forgotten by, unknown or unimportant to the user, e.g. from words of a song.
something	noun	An object whose name is forgotten by, unknown or unimportant to the user, e.g., from words of a song. Also used to refer to an object earlier indefinitely referred to as 'something' (pronoun sense).	An object whose nature is yet to be defined.
try	verb	To attempt to conceive a child.	To attempt to determine (by experiment or effort).	To attempt; to endeavour. Followed by infinitive.	To divide; to separate.	To do; to fare.	To experiment, to strive.	To extract oil from blubber or fat; to melt down blubber to obtain oil	To extract wax from a honeycomb	To have or gain knowledge of by experience.	To lie to in heavy weather under just sufficient sail to head into the wind.	To make an experiment. Usually followed by a present participle.	To prove by experiment; to apply a test to, for the purpose of determining the quality; to examine; to prove; to test.	To put on trial.	To put to test.	To receive an imminent attack; to take.	To separate (precious metal etc.) from the ore by melting; to purify, refine.	To settle; to decide; to determine; specifically, to decide by an appeal to arms.	To strain; to subject to excessive tests.	To taste, sample, etc.	To test someone's patience.	To test, to work out.	To want, to desire.	To winnow; to sift; to pick out; frequently followed by out.	To work on something with one's best effort and focus.
try	noun	A block of code that may trigger exceptions the programmer expects to catch, usually demarcated by the keyword try.	A field goal or extra point	A move that almost solves a chess problem, except that Black has a unique defense.	A score in rugby league and rugby union, analogous to a touchdown in American football.	A screen, or sieve, for grain.	An act of tasting or sampling.	An attempt.
try	adj	Fine, excellent.
too	adv	Also; in addition.	Likewise.	To a high degree, very.	To an excessive degree; over; more than enough.	Used for emphasis, without reference to any previous statement.	Used to contradict a negative assertion with present and simple past forms of be, do, and auxiliary verbs
eat	verb	To annex.	To be eaten.	To be injured or killed by (something such as a firearm or its projectile), especially in the mouth.	To be very good; to rule, to slay.	To cause (someone) to worry.	To consume (an exception, an event, etc.) so that other parts of the program do not receive it.	To consume (something solid or semi-solid, usually food) by putting it into the mouth and swallowing it.	To consume a meal.	To consume money (or other instruments of value, such as a token) deposited or inserted by a user, while failing to either provide the intended product or service or return the payment.	To corrode or erode.	To damage, destroy, or fail to eject a removable part or an inserted object.	To destroy, consume, or use up.	To have a particular quality of diet; to be well-fed or underfed (typically as "eat healthy" or "eat good").	To ingest; to be ingested.	To perform oral sex (on a person or body part).	To take the loss in a transaction.	To use up.
eat	noun	Something to be eaten; a meal; a food item.
please	verb	To desire; to will; to be pleased by.	To make happy or satisfy; to give pleasure to.
please	adv	Used to make a polite request.
please	intj	An expression of annoyance, impatience, or exasperation.	Said as a request to repeat information.	Used as an affirmative to an offer.
only	adj	Alone in a category.	Mere.	Singularly superior; the best.	Without sibling; without a sibling of the same gender.
only	adv	Above all others; particularly.	As recently as.	Emphasizing something that is just or necessary.	Introduces a disappointing or surprising outcome that renders futile something previously mentioned.	No more than; just.	Used to express surprise or consternation at an action.	Without others or anything further; exclusively.
only	conj	But, except; but in fact.	Introduces a clause with negative polarity, often one which upsets the listener's expectations.	Under the condition that; but.
only	noun	An only child.
only	particle	Placed at the end of a sentence to emphasize that something is trivial, small or undemanding.
year	noun	A level or grade in school or college.	A period between set dates that mark a year, such as from January 1 to December 31 by the Gregorian calendar, from Tishri 1 to Elul 29 by the Jewish calendar, and from Muharram 1 to Dhu al-Hijjah 29 or 30 by the Islamic calendar.	A period of time akin to the time taken for the Earth to undergo a full cycle of seasons.	A scheduled part of a calendar year spent in a specific activity.	An orbital period: the period of one revolution in any particular orbit: The time it takes for any astronomical object (such as a planet, dwarf planet, small Solar System body, or comet) in direct orbit around a star (such as the Sun) to make one revolution around the star.	Pronunciation spelling of hear.	Pronunciation spelling of here.	The length of a year as marked by a calendar, 365 or 366 days in the Gregorian calendar; a calendar year.	The length of twelve lunations; the time taken for any moon phase to happen twelve times; a lunar year.	The mean length of a calendar year in the Julian calendar, that is, 365.25 solar days; a Julian year.	The proportion of a creature's lifespan equivalent to one year of an average human lifespan (see also dog year).	The time taken for the Earth to orbit the Sun with respect to the fixed stars; a sidereal year.	The time taken for the Earth to return to the same position along the ecliptic, completing a full cycle of seasons; a tropical year or solar year.
speak	verb	Of a bird, to be able to vocally reproduce words or phrases from a human language.	To address; to accost; to speak to.	To be able to communicate in a language.	To be able to communicate in the manner of specialists in a field.	To communicate (some fact or feeling); to bespeak, to indicate.	To communicate or converse by some means other than orally, such as writing or facial expressions.	To communicate with one's voice, to say words out loud.	To deliver a message to a group; to deliver a speech.	To have a conversation.	To produce a sound; to sound.	To understand (as though it were a language).	To utter.
speak	noun	Clipping of speaker point.	Language, jargon, or terminology used uniquely in a particular environment or group.	Speech, conversation.	a low class bar, a speakeasy.
thing	noun	A custom or practice.	A genuine concept, entity or phenomenon; something that actually exists (often contrary to expectation or belief).	A living being or creature.	A penis.	A problem, dilemma, or complicating factor.	A public assembly or judicial council in a Germanic country.	A romantic couple.	A romantic relationship.	A unit or container, usually containing consumable goods.	A vulva or vagina.	A word, symbol, sign, or other referent that can be used to refer to any entity.	Alternative form of ting.	An individual object or distinct entity.	Corporeal object.	Girl; attractive woman.	One's typical routine, habits, or manner.	Possessions or equipment; stuff; gear.	That which is considered to exist as a separate entity, object, quality or concept.	That which is favoured; personal preference.	The central point; the crux.	The latest fad or fashion.	Used after a noun to refer dismissively to the situation surrounding the noun's referent.	Whatever can be owned.
thing	verb	To express as a thing; to reify.
any	adv	To even the slightest extent, at all.
any	det	A/an, each or some, no matter its/their identity or nature.	An unspecified but imminent (second, minute, day etc.).	One at all; at least one; at least one kind of; some; a positive quantity of.
any	pron	Any thing(s) or person(s).
back	adj	At or near the rear.	In arrears; overdue.	Moving or operating backward.	Not current.	Pronounced with the highest part of the body of the tongue toward the back of the mouth, near the soft palate (most often describing a vowel).	Returned or restored to a previous place or condition.	Situated away from the main or most frequented areas.
back	adv	Away from someone or something; at a distance.	Away from the front or from an edge.	Earlier, ago.	In a direction opposite to that in which someone or something is facing or normally pointing.	In a direction opposite to the usual or desired direction of movement or progress, physically or figuratively.	In a manner that impedes.	In a reciprocal manner; in return.	So as to shrink, recede or move aside, or cause to do so.	To a later point in time. See also put back.	To or in a previous condition or place.	Towards, into or in the past.
back	noun	A ferryboat.	A large shallow vat; a cistern, tub, or trough, used by brewers, distillers, dyers, picklers, gluemakers, and others, for mixing or cooling wort, holding water, hot glue, etc.	A non-alcoholic drink (often water or a soft drink), to go with hard liquor or a cocktail.	A support or resource in reserve.	Among leather dealers, one of the thickest and stoutest tanned hides.	Area behind, such as the backyard of a house or the rear storeroom of a retail store.	Clipping of backstroke.	Effort, usually physical.	In some team sports, a position behind most players on the team.	Large and attractive buttocks.	That part of the body that bears clothing. (Now used only in the phrase clothes on one's back.)	That which is farthest away from the front.	The backrest, the part of a piece of furniture which receives the human back.	The edge of a book which is bound.	The inside margin of a page.	The keel and keelson of a ship.	The part of a piece of clothing which covers the back.	The part of something that goes last.	The rear of the body, especially the part between the neck and the end of the spine and opposite the chest and belly.	The reverse side; the side that is not normally seen.	The roof of a horizontal underground passage.	The side of a blade opposite the side used for cutting.	The side of any object which is opposite the front or useful side.	The spine and associated tissues.	The upper part of a natural object which is considered to resemble an animal’s back.
back	verb	To adjoin behind; to be at the back of.	To brace the yards so that the wind presses on the front of the sail, to slow the ship.	To carry an infant on one’s back.	To change direction contrary to the normal pattern; that is, to shift anticlockwise in the northern hemisphere, or clockwise in the southern hemisphere.	To draw from behind the back (a knife etc.) (as also back out).	To get upon the back of; to mount.	To go in the reverse direction.	To lay out a second, smaller anchor to provide additional holding power.	To make a back for; to furnish with a back.	To place or seat upon the back.	To push or force backwards.	To row backward with (oars).	To sign or endorse (a warrant, issued in another county, to apprehend an offender).	To stand still behind another dog which has pointed.	To support.	To write upon the back of, possibly as an endorsement.
use	noun	A function; a purpose for which something may be employed.	A slab of iron welded to the side of a forging, such as a shaft, near the end, and afterward drawn down, by hammering, so as to lengthen the forging.	A special form of a rite adopted for use in a particular context, often a diocese.	Common occurrence; ordinary experience.	Continued or repeated practice; usage; habit.	Interest for lent money; premium paid for the use of something; usury.	Occasion or need to employ; necessity.	The act of consuming alcohol or narcotics.	The act of using.	Usefulness, benefit.
use	verb	To accustom oneself.	To accustom; to habituate. (Now common only in participial form. Uses the same pronunciation as the noun; see usage notes.)	To behave toward; to act with regard to; to treat.	To behave, act, comport oneself.	To benefit from; to be able to employ or stand.	To consume (alcohol, drugs, etc), especially regularly.	To consume a previously specified substance, especially a drug to which one is addicted.	To employ; to apply; to utilize.	To expend; to consume by employing.	To exploit.	To habitually do; to be wont to do. (Now chiefly in past-tense forms; see used to.)	To suggest or request that other people employ a specific set of gender pronouns when referring to the subject.	To utilize or employ.
long	adj	Clipping of taking a long time.	Going beyond the intended target.	Having a long penis.	Having great duration.	Having much distance in space from one end to the other.	In great supply; abundant.	Not short; tall.	Occurring or coming after an extended interval; distant in time; far away.	Of a fielding position, close to the boundary (or closer to the boundary than the equivalent short position).	Of betting odds, offering a very large return for a small wager.	On account of, because of.	Passing or landing ahead of or beyond the intended target or location.	Possessing or owning stocks, bonds, commodities, or other financial instruments with the aim of benefiting from an expected rise in their value.	Seeming to last a lot of time, due to being boring, tedious, tiring, irksome, etc.	Specifically, having much distance in a horizontal dimension (see also Usage Notes below).	Travelling a great distance.	Travelling or extending too great a distance in space.	serious; deadly.	stupid; annoying; bullshit
long	noun	A long integer variable, twice the size of an int, two or four times the size of a short, and half of a long long.	A long syllable.	A long vowel.	A long-maturity security, such as a ten- or twenty-year bond.	A note formerly used in music, one half the length of a large, twice that of a breve.	Abbreviation of longitude.	An entity with a long position in an asset; for example, a trader or investor possessing an amount of a company's shares.	Clipping of long vacation (“summer vacation”).
long	verb	To await, aspire, desire greatly (something to occur or to be true).	To be appropriate to, to pertain or belong to.	To belong.	To take a long position in.
long	adv	A long time (see usage notes).	For a long time.	For a particular duration (specified by additional qualifying words accompanying it).	Over a great distance in space.	Over too great a distance, beyond the target.
love	noun	A climbing plant, Clematis vitalba.	A deep caring for the existence of another.	A deep or abiding liking for something; an enthusiasm for something.	A feeling of intense attraction towards someone.	A person who is the object of romantic feelings; a darling, a sweetheart, a beloved.	A profound and caring affection towards someone.	A term of friendly address, regardless of feelings.	A thin silk material.	A thing, activity, etc. which is the object of one's deep liking or enthusiasm.	Affectionate, benevolent concern or care for other people or beings, and for their well-being.	Alternative letter-case form of Love (“personification of love”).	An instance or episode of being in love; a love affair.	Nothing; no recompense.	Sexual activity.	Sexual desire; attachment based on sexual attraction.	Strong affection.	Used as the closing, before the signature, of a letter, especially between good friends or family members, or by the young.	Zero, no score.
love	verb	Alternative form of lofe (“to praise, sell”).	Synonym of heart (verb).	To be strongly inclined towards something; an emphatic form of like.	To derive delight from a fact or situation.	To have a strong affection for (someone or something).	To have sex with (perhaps from make love).	To need, thrive on.	To seek the good or honor of (someone), care deeply about, to be dedicated to (someone or something).
live	verb	(of an object) to have its proper place; to normally be stored.	To act habitually in conformity with; to practice; to exemplify in one's way of life.	To be alive; to have life.	To cope.	To endure in memory; to escape oblivion.	To have permanent residence somewhere, to inhabit, to reside.	To live as; to live being.	To maintain or support one's existence; to provide for oneself; to feed; to subsist.	To make the most of life; to experience a full, rich life.	To outlast danger; (of a ship or boat) to float.	To pass life in a specified manner.	To spend, as one's life; to pass; to maintain; to continue in, constantly or habitually.	To survive; to persevere; to continue.
live	adj	Able to fire or explode (of firearms or explosives).	Being a bet which can be raised by the bettor, usually in reference to a blind or straddle.	Being broadcast ("on the air"), as it happens.	Being in a state of ignition; burning.	Being in existence; actual.	Electrically charged or energized, usually indicating that the item may cause electrocution if touched.	Energetic, attentive, active.	Featuring humans; not animated, in the phrases “live actors” or “live action”.	Having active properties; being energized.	Having life; that is alive.	Imparting power; having motion.	In person.	Of a card: not yet dealt or played.	Of a syllable in languages such as Thai and Burmese: resonating, not ending abruptly.	Of an environment where sound is recorded: having noticeable reverberation.	Of an object or value: that may potentially be used in the future execution of a program.	Operational; in actual use rather than in testing etc.	Outstanding, top-notch, exhilarating.	Recorded from a performance in front of an audience.	Still in active play.	Taken from a living animal.	Vivid; bright.
live	adv	Of an event, as it happens; in real time; direct.	Of making a performance or speech, in person.
happen	verb	To become popular or trendy.	To do or occur by chance or unexpectedly.	To encounter by chance.	To happen to; to befall.	To occur or take place.
happen	adv	maybe, perhaps.
many	det	before a countable noun: (in combinations such as 'as many', 'so many', 'this many') Used to indicate, demonstrate or compare the number of people or things.	before a countable noun: A large, indefinite number of.
many	pron	A large, indefinite number of people or things.
many	noun	A considerable number.	A multitude; a great aggregate; a mass of people; the generality; the common herd.
many	adj	Existing in large number; numerous.
right	adj	All right; not requiring assistance.	Appropriate, perfectly suitable; fit for purpose.	Complying with justice, correctness, or reason; correct, just, true. See also the interjection senses below.	Designating the bank of a river (etc.) on one's right when facing downstream (i.e. facing forward while floating with the current); that is, the south bank of a river that flows eastward. If this arrow: ⥴ shows the direction of the current, the tilde is on the right side of the river.	Designating the side of the body which is positioned to the east if one is facing north, the side on which the heart is not located in most humans. This arrow points to the reader's right: →	Designed to be placed or worn outward.	Healthy, sane, competent.	Most favourable or convenient; fortunate.	Of a geometric figure, incorporating a right angle between edges, faces, axes, etc.	Of an angle, having a size of 90 degrees, or one quarter of a complete rotation; the angle between two perpendicular lines.	Of or relating to the right whale.	Pertaining to the political right; conservative.	Real; veritable (used emphatically).	Straight, not bent.
right	adv	According to fact or truth; actually; truly; really.	Exactly, precisely.	Immediately, directly.	In a correct manner.	On the right side.	To a great extent or degree.	Towards the right side.	Very, extremely, quite.
right	intj	I have listened to what you just said and I acknowledge your assertion or opinion, regardless of whether I agree with it (opinion) or can verify it (assertion).	Signpost word to change the subject in a discussion or discourse.	Used to add seriousness or decisiveness before a statement.	Used to check listener engagement and (especially) agreement at the end of an utterance or each segment thereof.	Yes, that is correct; I agree.
right	noun	A legal, just or moral entitlement.	A wave breaking from right to left (viewed from the shore).	That which complies with justice, law or reason.	The authority to perform, publish, film, or televise a particular work, event, etc.; a copyright.	The ensemble of right-wing political parties; political conservatives as a group.	The outward or most finished surface, as of a coin, piece of cloth, a carpet, etc.	The right hand or fist.	The right side or direction.
right	verb	To correct.	To do justice to; to relieve from wrong; to restore rights to; to assert or regain the rights of.	To return to normal upright position.	To set upright.
last	adj	Being the only one remaining of its class.	Farthest of all from a given quality, character, or condition; most unlikely, or least preferable.	Final, ultimate, coming after all others of its kind.	Lowest in rank or degree.	Most recent, latest, last so far.	Supreme; highest in degree; utmost.
last	det	Closest in the past, or closest but one if the closest was very recent; of days, sometimes thought to specifically refer to the instance closest to seven days (one week) ago, or the most recent instance before seven days (one week) ago.	The (one) immediately before the present.
last	adv	Most recently.	after everything else; finally
last	verb	To endure, continue over time.	To hold out, continue undefeated or entire.	To perform, carry out.	To purposefully refrain from orgasm	To shape with a last; to fasten or fit to a last; to place smoothly on a last.
last	noun	A burden; load; a cargo; freight.	A load of some commodity with reference to its weight and commercial value.	A measure of weight or quantity, varying in designation depending on the goods concerned.	A tool for shaping or preserving the shape of shoes.	An old English (and Dutch) measure of the carrying capacity of a ship, equal to two tons.
into	prep	After the start of.	Against, especially with force or violence.	Attacking or fighting a person.	Expressing the operation of division, with the denominator given first. Usually with "goes".	Expressing the operation of multiplication.	Indicates division or the creation of subgroups or sections.	Indicates transition into another form or substance.	Interested in or attracted to.	Investigating the subject (of).	To or towards the inside of.	To or towards the region of.
way	noun	A degree, an amount, a sense.	A guiding surface on the bed of a planer, lathe, etc. along which a table or carriage moves; usually in pairs.	A means to enter or leave a place.	A method or manner of doing something; a mannerism.	A road, a direction, a (physical or conceptual) path from one place to another.	A roughly-defined geographical area.	A set of values and customs associated with and seen as central to the identity of a group of people.	A seventeenth-century unit of Rhenish glass containing 60 bunches.	A state or condition	A tradition within the modern pagan faith of Heathenry, dedication to a specific deity or craft, Way of wyrd, Way of runes, Way of Thor etc.	Acknowledges that a task has been done well, chiefly in expressions of sarcastic congratulation.	Determined course; resolved mode of action or conduct.	Personal interaction.	Possibility (usually in the phrases 'any way' and 'no way').	Speed, progress, momentum.	The letter for the w sound in Pitman shorthand.	The timbers of shipyard stocks that slope into the water and along which a ship or large boat is launched.	To do with a place or places.
way	intj	Yes; it is true; it is possible.
way	verb	To travel.
way	adv	Far.	Much, far, by a great degree.	Very.
way	adj	Extreme, far
or	conj	An operator denoting the disjunction of two propositions or truth values. There are two forms, the inclusive or and the exclusive or.	Connects at least two alternative words, phrases, clauses, sentences, etc., each of which could make a passage true.	Connects two equivalent names.	Counts the elements before and after as two possibilities.	Otherwise (a consequence of the condition that the previous is false).
or	noun	Alternative form of OR.	The gold or yellow tincture on a coat of arms.
or	adj	Of gold or yellow tincture on a coat of arms.
or	adv	Earlier, previously.	Early (on).
or	prep	Before; ere. Generally followed by "ever" or "e'er".
other	adj	Alien.	Different.	Left, as opposed to right.	Second.	See other (determiner) below.
other	noun	An other, another (person, etc), more often rendered as another.	The other one; the second of two.
other	det	Not the one or ones previously referred to.
other	adv	Otherwise.
other	verb	To regard, label, or treat as an "other", as not part of the same group; to view as different and alien.	To treat as different or separate; segregate; ostracise.
their	det	Belonging to someone (one person, singular), or occasionally to something.	Belonging to, from, of, or relating to, them (plural).
their	adv	Misspelling of there.
their	contraction	Misspelling of they’re.
call	verb	(of a batsman): To shout directions to the other batsman on whether or not they should take a run.	(of a fielder): To shout to other fielders that he intends to take a catch (thus avoiding collisions).	Direct or indirect use of the voice.	Of a person, to have as one's name; of a thing, to have as its name.	To announce the early extinction of a debt by prepayment, usually at a premium.	To cause to be verbally subjected to.	To claim the existence of some malfeasance; to denounce as.	To come to pass; to afflict.	To contact by telephone.	To cry or shout.	To declare (an effort or project) to be a failure.	To declare in advance.	To declare, or declare in favor of, a predicted or actual result.	To demand repayment of a loan.	To disclose the class or character of; to identify.	To equal the same amount that other players are currently betting.	To formally recognise a death: especially to announce and record the time, place and fact of a person’s death.	To jump to (another part of a program); to perform some operation, returning to the original point on completion.	To lay claim to an object or role which is up for grabs.	To make a decision as a referee or umpire.	To match the current bet amount, in preparation for a raise in the same turn. (Usually, players are forbidden to announce one's play this way.)	To name or refer to.	To name, identify, or describe.	To pay a (social) visit (often used with "on", "round", or "at"; used by salespeople with "again" to invite customers to come again).	To predict.	To reach out with one's voice.	To request that one's band play (a particular tune).	To request, summon, or beckon.	To require, demand.	To rouse from sleep; to awaken.	To scold.	To state, or estimate, approximately or loosely; to characterize without strict regard to fact.	To state, or invoke a rule, in many games such as bridge, craps, jacks, and so on.	To stop at a station or port.	To tell in advance which shot one is attempting.	To utter in a loud or distinct voice.	To visit.
call	noun	A beckoning or summoning.	A cry or shout.	A decision or judgement.	A lawyer who was called to the bar (became licensed as a lawyer) in a specified year.	A meeting with a client for paid sex; hookup; job.	A note blown on the horn to encourage the dogs in a hunt.	A pipe or other instrument to call birds or animals by imitating their note or cry. A game call.	A reference to, or statement of, an object, course, distance, or other matter of description in a survey or grant requiring or calling for a corresponding object, etc., on the land.	A short visit, usually for social purposes.	A statement of a particular state, or rule, made in many games such as bridge, craps, jacks, and so on.	A telephone conversation; a phone call.	A visit by a ship or boat to a port.	A whistle or pipe, used by the boatswain and his mate to summon the sailors to duty.	A work shift which requires one to be available when requested, i.e. on call.	An instance of calling someone on the telephone.	An invitation to take charge of or serve a church as its pastor.	Ellipsis of call option.	Need; necessity.	The act of calling to the other batsman.	The act of jumping to a subprogram, saving the means to return to the original point.	The act of matching a bet made by a player who has previously bet in the same round of betting.	The characteristic cry of a bird or other animal.	The right to speak at a given time during a debate or other public event; the floor.	The state of being the batsman whose role it is to call (depends on where the ball goes.)	Vocation; employment; calling.
home	noun	A dwelling.	A focus point.	A house that has been made home-like, to suit the comfort of those who live there.	A place of refuge, rest or care; an asylum.	Anything that serves the functions of a home, as comfort, safety, sense of belonging, etc.	Clipping of home directory.	Home plate.	One’s native land; the place or country in which one dwells; the place where one’s ancestors dwell or dwelt.	One’s own dwelling place; the house or structure in which one lives; especially the house in which one lives with one's family; the habitual abode of one’s family.	The abiding place of the affections, especially of the domestic affections.	The chord at which a melody starts and to which it can resolve.	The grave; the final rest; also, the native and eternal dwelling place of the soul.	The landing page of a website; the site's homepage.	The locality where a thing is usually found, or was first found, or where it is naturally abundant; habitat; seat.	The place (residence, settlement, country, etc.), where a person was born and/or raised; childhood or parental home; home of one’s parents or guardian.	The place of a player in front of an opponent’s goal; also, the player.	The ultimate point aimed at in a progress; the goal.
home	verb	To return to its owner.
home	adj	Of, from, or pertaining to one’s dwelling or country; domestic; not foreign.	Personal, intimate.	Relating to the home team (the team at whose venue a game is played).	That strikes home; direct, pointed.
home	adv	At or in one's place of residence or one's customary or official location; at home.	To a full and intimate degree; to the heart of the matter; fully, directly.	To one's home.	To one's place of birth.	To one's place of residence or one's customary or official location.	To the home page.	To the place where it belongs; to the end of a course; to the full length.	into the goal	into the right, proper or stowed position
book	noun	A book award, a recognition for receiving the highest grade in a class (traditionally an actual book, but recently more likely a letter or certificate acknowledging the achievement).	A bookmaker (a person who takes bets on sporting events and similar); bookie; turf accountant.	A collection of sheets of paper bound together to hinge at one edge, containing printed or written material, pictures, etc.	A convenient collection, in a form resembling a book, of small paper items for individual use.	A document, held by the referee, of the incidents that happened in a game.	A list of all players who have been booked (received a warning) in a game.	A list of the races that a jockey is scheduled to ride in.	A long work fit for publication, typically prose, such as a novel or textbook, and typically published as such a bound collection of sheets, but now sometimes electronically as an e-book.	A major division of a long work.	A portfolio of one's previous work in the industry.	A record of betting (from the use of a notebook to record what each person has bet).	Any source of instruction.	Four of a kind.	Records of the accounts of a business.	Six tricks taken by one side.	The accumulated body of knowledge passed down among black pimps.	The list of mares that a stallion will breed in a given season.	The script of a musical or opera.	The sum of chess knowledge in the opening or endgame.	The twenty-sixth Lenormand card.
book	verb	To add a name to the list of people who are participating in something.	To issue a caution to, usually a yellow card, or a red card if a yellow card has already been issued.	To leave.	To receive the highest grade in a class.	To record bets as bookmaker.	To record the name and other details of a suspected offender and the offence for later judicial action.	To reserve (something) for future use.	To travel very fast.	To write down, to register or record in a book or as in a book.	simple past of bake
car	noun	A cart.	A chariot.	A clique or gang.	A floating perforated box for living fish.	A four-wheeled cab, as opposed to a (two-wheeled) Hansom cab.	A passenger-carrying unit in a subway or elevated train, whether powered or not.	A rough unit of quantity approximating the amount which would fill a railroad car.	A similar vehicle used in special contexts, such as mines, quarries, and mills.	A sliding fitting that runs along a track.	A wheeled vehicle that moves independently, with at least three wheels, powered mechanically, steered by a driver and mostly for personal transportation but relatively smaller than a truck/lorry and a bus.	A wheeled vehicle, drawn by a horse or other animal.	An unpowered unit in a railroad train, used to hold either passengers or cargo.	Any vehicle designed to run on rails, especially an unpowered one towed by being connected to others.	Deliberate misspelling of cat.	The aggregate of desirable characteristics of a car.	The first part of a cons in Lisp. The first element of a list.	The moving, load-carrying component of an elevator or other cable-drawn transport mechanism.	The part of an airship, such as a balloon or dirigible, which houses the passengers and control apparatus.	The passenger-carrying portion of certain amusement park rides, such as Ferris wheels.	an individual vehicle, powered or unpowered, in a multiple unit.
money	noun	A currency maintained by a state or other entity which can guarantee its value (such as a monetary union).	A generally accepted means of exchange and measure of value.	A legally or socially binding conceptual contract of entitlement to wealth, void of intrinsic value, payable for all debts and taxes, and regulated in supply.	A person who funds an operation.	An item of value between two or more parties used for the exchange of goods or services.	Hard cash in the form of banknotes and coins, as opposed to cheques/checks, credit cards, or credit more generally.	The total value of liquid assets available for an individual or other economic unit, such as cash and bank deposits.	Wealth; a person, family or class that possesses wealth.
money	adj	Cool; excellent.
always	adv	At all times; throughout all time; since the beginning.	Constantly during a certain period, or regularly at stated intervals (opposed to sometimes or occasionally).	if necessary, or if there is no better option; in any event.
buy	verb	To be equivalent to in value.	To bribe.	To make a bluff, usually a large one.	To make a purchase or purchases, to treat (for a drink, meal or gift)	To obtain (something) in exchange for money or goods.	To obtain, especially by some sacrifice.	To suffer consequences for (something) through being deprived of something; to pay for (something one has done).	to accept as true; to believe
buy	noun	Something which is bought; a purchase.
anything	pron	Any object, act, state, event, or fact whatsoever; a thing of any kind; something or other.	Expressing an indefinite comparison.
anything	noun	Someone or something of importance.
anything	verb	Used as a placeholder verb for any verb out of a set of related verbs.
anything	adv	In any way, any extent or any degree.
must	verb	To become musty.	To do as a requirement; indicates that the sentence subject is required as an imperative or directive to execute the sentence predicate, with failure to do so resulting in a failure or negative consequence.	To do with certainty; indicates that the speaker is certain that the subject will have executed the predicate.	To make musty.	Used to indicate that something is very likely, probable, or certain to be true.
must	noun	Alternative spelling of musth.	Fruit juice that will ferment or has fermented, usually from grapes.	Something that exhibits the property of being stale or musty.	Something that is mandatory or required.	The property of being stale or musty.
friend	noun	A function or class granted special access to the private and protected members of another class.	A lover; a boyfriend or girlfriend.	A person who backs or supports something.	A person with whom one is vaguely or indirectly acquainted.	A person, typically someone other than a family member, spouse or lover, whose company one enjoys and towards whom one feels affection.	A relative, a relation by blood or marriage.	A spring-loaded camming device.	An associate who provides assistance; patron, mentor.	An object or idea that can be used for good.	Used as a form of address when warning someone.	Used to refer collectively to a group of associated individuals, especially those comprising a cast, company, or crew
friend	verb	To act as a friend to, to befriend; to be friendly to, to help.	To add (a person) to a list of friends on a social networking site; to officially designate (someone) as a friend.
hear	verb	To be contacted by.	To exercise this faculty intentionally; to listen to.	To listen favourably to; to grant (a request etc.).	To listen to (a person, case) in a court of law; to try.	To perceive (a sound, or something producing a sound) with the ear, to recognize (something) in an auditory way.	To perceive sounds through the ear.	To receive information about; to come to learn of.	To study under.	To sympathize with; to understand the feelings or opinion of.
hear	intj	you hear me
before	prep	At a higher or greater position than, in a ranking.	Earlier than (in time).	In front of in space.	In front of, according to a formal system of ordering items.	In store for, in the future of (someone).	In the presence of.	Under consideration, judgment, authority of (someone).
before	adv	At an earlier time.	At the front end.	In advance in position or sequence; ahead.
before	conj	In advance of the time when.	Rather or sooner than.
before	noun	A previous form or instance.	Of before-and-after images: the one that shows the difference before a specified treatment.	That which occurred or existed previously.
house	noun	A building intended to contain a single household, as opposed to an apartment or condominium or building containing these.	A building used for something other than a residence (typically with qualifying word).	A building where a deliberative assembly meets; whence the assembly itself, particularly a component of a legislature.	A children's game in which the players pretend to be members of a household.	A container; a thing which houses another.	A dynasty; a family with its ancestors and descendants, especially a royal or noble one.	A grouping of schoolchildren for the purposes of competition in sports and other activities.	A place of business; a company or organisation, especially a printing press, a publishing company, or a couturier.	A place of public accommodation or entertainment, especially a public house, an inn, a restaurant, a theatre, or a casino; or the management thereof.	A place of rest or repose.	A set of cells in a sudoku puzzle which must contain each digit exactly once, such as a row, column, or 3×3 box.	A small stand of trees in a swamp.	A square on a chessboard, regarded as the proper place of a piece.	A structure built or serving as an abode of human beings.	A workhouse.	An animal's shelter or den, or the shell of an animal such as a snail, used for protection.	An apartment building within a public housing estate.	House music.	Lotto; bingo.	One of the twelve divisions of an astrological chart.	Size and quality of residential accommodations; housing.	The audience for a live theatrical or similar performance.	The end zone.	The four concentric circles where points are scored on the ice.	The fourth Lenormand card.	The people who live in a house; a household.
house	verb	To admit to residence; to harbor.	To contain one part of an object for the purpose of locating the whole.	To contain or cover mechanical parts.	To deposit and cover, as in the grave.	To drive to a shelter.	To dwell within one of the twelve astrological houses.	To eat; especially, to scarf down.	To keep within a structure or container.	To stow in a safe place; to take down and make safe.	To take shelter or lodging; to abide; to lodge.
over	adj	Finished; ended; concluded.	Having an excess in a particular respect.	Having surmounted an obstacle.	Hopeless; irrecoverable.	Of a flower: wilting or withering.	Of a wrestler: generating a reaction from fans.	Surplus to requirements.	Visiting one's home or other location.
over	adv	Across from one side of something to the other.	Across something, such as an edge, and then downwards.	Again; another time; once more; over again.	Beyond or in excess of what is correct or expected.	Describing a physical change of position or state.	Expressing figurative movement from one position or state across to another.	From an upright position to a horizontal one.	From one position or location to another, horizontally or approximately so, or along a route visualised as "across".	Indicating a direction or location away from the speaker, usually roughly horizontally or visualised as such.	Indicating repetition.	On top of something, or so as to cover something.	Overnight (throughout the night).	See also individual entries for phrasal verbs: go over, hand over, run over, take over, win over, etc.	So as to fold towards or onto itself.	So as to pass above.	So as to reverse or exchange position(s).	So as to reverse up/down orientation, or otherwise change orientation by rotating.	Thoroughly; completely; from beginning to end.	To a future time.	To a high or excessive degree; overly; see also over-.	Up one side of something, across, and then down the other side.	Used for rhetorical effect to reinforce that something was done the stated number of times.
over	noun	A bet that a particular sporting statistic, such a points scored in a game, will be above a certain stated value.	A set of six legal balls bowled.	A shore, riverbank.	Any surplus amount of money, goods delivered, etc.	Something having an excess of a particular property.
over	prep	Above, implying superiority after a contest; in spite of; notwithstanding.	Above; higher than; further up than.	Across (something) and then downwards.	Across, from one side to the other.	Across, so as to pass above.	As compared to.	At or near (a location seen as 'across' from the speaker's location).	Concerning or regarding.	Divided by.	During or throughout (a time period).	Expressing causation: due to, as the result of.	Expressing comparison.	Expressing spatial relationship or movement.	From one physical position to another via an obstacle that must be traversed vertically, first upwards and then downwards.	In a position of having overcome (a problem or issue); past; finished with; from one state to another via a hindrance that must be solved or defeated; or via a third state that represents a significant difference from the first two.	Indicating relative status, authority, or power	More than (a given value, amount, limit etc.); beyond; past; exceeding.	On the other side of.	On top of; in such a way as to cover.	Separates the primary chord of a slash chord from the bass note	Separates the three of a kind from the pair in a full house.	Through or around all the parts of.	Through or via (a particular transmission medium).	To a greater degree than.	While doing an activity involving (something), especially while consuming.
over	intj	A radio procedure word meaning that the station is finished with its transmission and is expecting a response.	Ellipsis of over the left shoulder (“expressing disbelief etc.”).	Instructs the reader to turn the page and continue reading the other side.
over	verb	To go over, or jump over.	To run about.
two	num	A numerical value equal to 2; this many dots (••).	Describing a set or group with two elements.
two	noun	A child aged two.	A playing card featuring two pips.	A two-dollar bill.	Ellipsis of two shot.	The digit/figure 2.	Two o'clock, either a.m. or p.m.
feel	verb	To be or become aware of.	To become aware of through the skin; to use the sense of touch on.	To experience an emotion or other mental state about.	To experience an emotion or other mental state.	To experience the consequences of.	To find one's way (literally or figuratively) by touching or using cautious movements.	To receive information by touch or by any neurons other than those responsible for sight, smell, taste, or hearing.	To search by sense of touch.	To seem (through touch or otherwise).	To sense or think emotionally or judgmentally.	To sympathise; to have the sensibilities moved or affected.	To think, believe, or have an impression concerning.	To understand.	To use or experience the sense of touch.
feel	noun	A feeling; an emotion.	A perception experienced mainly or solely through the sense of touch.	A vague mental impression.	A vague understanding.	An act of fondling.	An intuitive ability.	The sense of touch.
feel	pron	Alternative form of fele.
feel	adj	Alternative form of fele.
feel	adv	Alternative form of fele.
child	noun	A data item, process, or object which has a subservient or derivative role relative to another.	A female child, a girl.	A figurative offspring	A person considered a product of a place or culture, a member of a tribe or culture, regardless of age.	A person who has not yet reached adulthood, whether natural (puberty), cultural (initiation), or legal (majority).	A subordinate node of a tree.	Alternative form of childe (“youth of noble birth”).	Anything derived from or caused by something.	One's direct descendant by birth, regardless of age; one's offspring; a son or daughter.	The thirteenth Lenormand card.
child	verb	To give birth; to beget or procreate.
play	verb	For additional senses in various idiomatic phrases, see the individual entries, such as play along, play at, play down, play off, play on, play out, play to, play up, etc.	Specifying a particular sporting role or position.	To act as (the indicated role).	To act in a manner such that one has fun; to engage in activities expressly for the purpose of recreation or entertainment.	To act or behave in a stated way.	To act or perform (a play).	To be performed, reproduced, or shown.	To be received or accepted (in a given way); to go down.	To be the opposing score to.	To bring into action or motion; to exhibit in action; to execute or deploy.	To compete against, in a game.	To contend or fight using weapons, both as practice or in real life-or-death combats; to engage in martial games; to joust; to fence	To emit or relay sound (especially music) or moving pictures; (of a device) to operate media.	To gamble.	To give a false appearance of being; to pretend to be.	To handle or deal with (a matter or situation) in a stated way.	To handle or deal with (something) in a calculating manner intended to achieve profit or gain.	To keep in play, as a hooked fish in order to land it.	To kid; to joke; to say something for amusement; to act, or to treat something, unseriously.	To manipulate, deceive, or swindle.	To move briskly, sweepingly, back and forth, in a directed manner, etc.	To move in a light or brisk manner.	To move in an alternating or reciprocal manner; to move to and fro.	To move so as to fall upon or sweep across something, or to direct or operate (something) in such a manner.	To operate (a device or media) so as to cause sound (especially music) or moving pictures to be produced.	To perform in (a sport); to participate in (a game).	To perform or give performances in or at (a venue or location).	To portray (a character) in (a film or theatre).	To produce music using a musical instrument.	To produce music.	To produce sound (especially music), moving pictures, or theatrical performance.	To render (a musical title, compositional style, film title, etc.) using a musical instrument or device.	To take part in amorous activity; to make love; see also play around.	To toy or trifle; to act with levity or thoughtlessness; to be careless.
play	noun	A button that, when pressed, causes media to be played.	A geological formation that contains an accumulation or prospect of hydrocarbons or other resources.	A literary composition, intended to be represented by actors impersonating the characters and speaking the dialogue.	A short sequence of action within a game.	A theatrical performance featuring actors.	Activity for amusement only, especially among the young.	Activity relating to martial combat or fighting.	An action carried out when it is one's turn to play.	An attempt to move forward, as in a plan or strategy, for example by a business, investor, or political party.	An individual's performance in a sport or game.	An instance of watching or listening to media.	An instance of wordplay.	An instance or instances of causing media to be watched or heard, such as by broadcasting.	Freedom to move.	Movement (of a pattern of light etc.)	Sexual activity or sexual role-playing.	Similar activity in young animals, as they explore their environment and learn new skills.	The conduct, or course, of a game.	The extent to which a part of a mechanism can move freely, as for example lash, backlash, or slack.	The sphere or circumstance in which a playing implement, such as a ball, is available to be played (see also in play, out of play).
lot	noun	A distinct portion or plot of land, usually smaller than a field.	A large quantity or number; a great deal.	A number of people taken collectively.	A prize in a lottery.	A separate, appropriated portion; a quantized, subdivided set consisting a whole.	All members of a set; everything.	Allotment; lottery.	An old unit of weight used in many European countries from the Middle Ages, often defined as 1/30 or 1/32 of a (local) pound.	Anything (as a die, pebble, ball, or slip of paper) used in determining a question by chance, or without human choice or will.	One or more items auctioned or sold as a unit, separate from other items.	That which happens without human design or forethought.	The part, or fate, that falls to one, as it were, by chance, or without one's planning.
lot	verb	To allot; to sort; to apportion.	To count or reckon (on or upon).
after	adv	Behind; later in time; following.
after	prep	According to (an author or text).	According to the direction and influence of; in proportion to; befitting.	Behind.	Below, often next below, in importance or rank.	Denoting the aim or object; concerning; in relation to.	In allusion to, in imitation of; following or referencing.	In pursuit of, seeking.	Repeatedly, seemingly in a sequence without end.	Subsequently to and as a result of.	Subsequently to and considering.	Subsequently to and in spite of.	Subsequently to the actions of (someone), in order to remedy a situation.	Subsequently to; following in time; later than.	Used to indicate recent completion of an activity.
after	conj	Signifies that the action of the clause it starts takes place before the action of the other clause.
after	adj	At or towards the stern of a ship or the rear of an aircraft.	Later; second (of two); next, following, subsequent
after	noun	Of before-and-after images: the one that shows the difference after a specified treatment.
old	adj	A grammatical intensifier, often used in describing something positive, and combined with another adjective.	Being a graduate or alumnus of a school, especially a public school.	Designed for a mature audience; unsuitable for children below a certain age.	Excessive, abundant.	Familiar.	Former, previous.	Having been used and thus no longer new or unused.	Having existed or lived for the specified time.	Indicating affection and familiarity.	Obsolete; out-of-date.	Of a living being, having lived for most of the expected years.	Of a perishable item, having existed for most of, or more than, its shelf life.	Of a species or language, belonging to a lineage that is distantly related to others.	Of an earlier time.	Of an object, concept, relationship, etc., having existed for a relatively long period of time.	Said of subdued colors, particularly reds, pinks and oranges, as if they had faded over time.	That is no longer in existence.	Tiresome after prolonged repetition.
old	noun	A person older than oneself, especially an adult in relation to a teenager.	A typically dark-coloured lager brewed by the traditional top-fermentation method.	One's parents.	People who are old; old beings; the older generation, taken as a group.
new	adj	Additional; recently discovered.	Current or later, as opposed to former.	In original condition; pristine; not previously worn or used.	Inexperienced or unaccustomed at some task.	Newborn.	Next; about to begin or recently begun.	Of recent origin; having taken place recently.	Recently arrived or appeared.	Recently made, or created.	Refreshed, reinvigorated, reformed.	Strange, unfamiliar or not previously known.	Used to distinguish something established more recently, named after something or some place previously existing.
new	adv	As new; from scratch.	Synonym of newly, especially in composition.
new	noun	A naval cadet who has just embarked on training.	A typically light-coloured lager brewed by the bottom-fermentation method.	Things that are new.
new	verb	Synonym of new up.	To make new; to recreate; to renew.
off	adv	In a direction away from the speaker or other reference point.	Into a state of non-operation or non-existence.	Offstage.	So as to remove or separate, or be removed or separated.	Used in various other ways specific to individual idiomatic phrases, e.g. bring off, show off, put off, tell off, etc. See the entry for the individual phrase.
off	adj	Cancelled; not happening.	Circumstanced.	Denoting something faulty, unsatisfactory, objectionable etc.	Designating a time when one is not performing to the best of one's abilities.	Designating a time when one is not strictly attentive to business or affairs, or is absent from a post, and, hence, a time when affairs are not urgent.	Disgusting, repulsive, abhorrent.	Far; off to the side.	In, or towards the half of the field away from the batsman's legs; the right side for a right-handed batsman.	Inappropriate; untoward.	Inoperative, disabled.	Less than normal, in temperament or in result.	Not correct; not properly formed; not logical, harmonious, etc.	Not fitted; not being worn.	On the side furthest from the kerb (the right-hand side if one drives on the left).	Presently unavailable. (of a dish on a menu)	Rancid, rotten, gone bad.	Started on the way.	Temporarily not attending a usual place, such as work or school, especially owing to illness or holiday.
off	prep	As a result of.	Detached, separated, excluded or disconnected from; away from a position of attachment or connection to.	No longer wanting or taking.	Not positioned upon, or away from a position upon.	Out of the possession of.	Outside the area or region of.	Placed after a number (of products or parts, as if a unit), in commerce or engineering.	Removed or subtracted from.	Temporarily not attending (a usual place), especially owing to illness or holiday.	Under the influence of.	Used to express location at sea relative to land or mainland.	Used to indicate the location or direction of one thing relative to another, implying adjacency or accessibility via.
off	verb	To kill.	To switch off.
off	noun	Beginning; starting point.
still	adj	Comparatively quiet or silent; soft; gentle; low.	Constant; continual.	Dormant.	Having the same stated quality continuously from a past time	Not effervescing; not sparkling.	Not moving; calm.	Uttering no sound; silent.
still	adv	Alternative spelling of styll.	Always; invariably; constantly; continuously.	Even, yet.	Nevertheless.	To an even greater degree. Used to modify comparative adjectives or adverbs.	Up to a time, as in the preceding time.	Without motion.
still	noun	A building where liquors are distilled; a distillery.	A device for distilling liquids.	A large water boiler used to make tea and coffee.	A period of calm or silence.	A photograph, as opposed to movie footage.	A resident of the Falkland Islands.	A single frame from a film.	Ellipsis of still water (“nonfizzy drinking water”).	The area in a restaurant used to make tea and coffee, separate from the main kitchen.
still	verb	To calm down, to quiet.	To cause to fall by drops.	To expel spirit from by heat, or to evaporate and condense in a refrigeratory; to distill.	To trickle, drip.
put	verb	To bring or set (into a certain relation, state or condition).	To convey coal in the mine, as for example from the working to the tramway.	To express (something in a certain manner).	To incite; to entice; to urge; to constrain; to oblige.	To lay down; to give up; to surrender.	To physically place (something or someone somewhere).	To place in abstract; to attach or attribute; to assign.	To play a card or a hand in the game called "put".	To sell (assets) under the terms of a put option.	To set as a calculation or estimate.	To set before one for judgment, acceptance, or rejection; to bring to the attention.	To steer; to direct one's course; to go.	To throw with a pushing motion, especially in reference to the sport of shot put. (Do not confuse with putt.)
put	noun	A fellow, especially an eccentric or elderly one; a duffer.	A prostitute.	A right to sell something at a predetermined price.	An old card game.	Short for put option.	The act of putting; an action; a movement; a thrust; a push.
school	noun	A group of fish or a group of marine mammals such as porpoises, dolphins, or whales.	A multitude.	An art movement, a community of artists.	An educational institution providing primary and secondary education, prior to tertiary education (college or university).	An establishment offering specialized instruction, as for driving, cooking, typing, coding, etc.	An institution dedicated to teaching and learning; an educational institution.	At Eton College, a period or session of teaching.	The canons, precepts, or body of opinion or practice, sanctioned by the authority of a particular class or age.	The followers of a particular doctrine; a particular way of thinking or particular doctrine; a school of thought.	The room or hall in English universities where the examinations for degrees and honours are held.	The time during which classes are attended or in session in an educational institution.	Within a larger educational institution, an organizational unit, such as a department or institute, which is dedicated to a specific subject area.
school	verb	To control, or compose, one’s expression.	To defeat emphatically, to teach an opponent a harsh lesson.	To educate, teach, or train (often, but not necessarily, in a school).	To form into, or travel in, a school.
cant	noun	A blazon of a coat of arms that makes a pun upon the name (or, less often, some attribute or function) of the bearer, canting arms.	A call for bidders at a public fair; an auction.	A corner (of a building).	A language spoken by some Irish Travellers; Shelta.	A movement or throw that overturns something.	A parcel, a division.	A piece of wood laid upon the deck of a vessel to support the bulkheads.	A private or secret language used by a religious sect, gang, or other group.	A segment forming a side piece in the head of a cask.	A segment of the rim of a wooden cogwheel.	A sudden thrust, push, kick, or other impulse, producing a bias or change of direction; also, the bias or turn so given.	An argot, the jargon of a particular class or subgroup.	An inclination from a horizontal or vertical line; a slope or bevel; a tilt.	An outer or external angle.	An unfinished log after preliminary cutting.	Empty, hypocritical talk.	Side, edge, corner, niche.	Slope, the angle at which something is set.	Whining speech, such as that used by beggars.
cant	verb	Of a blazon, to make a pun that references the bearer of a coat of arms.	To bevel an edge or corner.	To divide or parcel out.	To give a sudden turn or new direction to.	To overturn so that the contents are emptied.	To sell by auction, or bid at an auction.	To set (something) at an angle; to tilt.	To speak in set phrases.	To speak with the jargon of a class or subgroup.	To talk, beg, or preach in a singsong or whining fashion, especially in a false or empty manner.
cant	adj	Lively, lusty.
down	adv	As a down payment.	At a lower or further place or position along a set path.	At or towards any place that is visualised as 'down' by virtue of local features or local convention, or arbitrarily, irrespective of direction or elevation change.	Away from Oxford or Cambridge.	Away from the city (regardless of direction).	Forward, straight ahead.	From a higher position to a lower one; downwards.	From a remoter or higher antiquity.	From less to greater detail.	Get down.	In a downwards direction; vertically.	In the direction leading away from the principal terminus, away from milepost zero.	Into a state of non-operation.	On paper (or in a durable record).	So as to be cowed into silence.	So as to lessen quantity, level or intensity.	So as to reduce size, weight or volume.	So as to secure or compress something to the floor, ground, or other (usually horizontal) surface.	To a subordinate or less prestigious position or rank.	To or towards what is considered the bottom of something, irrespective of whether this is presently physically lower.	To the south (as south is at the bottom of typical maps).	Towards the opponent's side (in ball-sports).	Used with verbs to indicate that the action of the verb was carried to some state of completion, permanence, or success rather than being of indefinite duration.
down	prep	At (a given place that is seen as removed from one's present location or other point of reference).	From north to south of.	From one end to another of (in any direction); along.	From the higher end to the lower of.	Towards the mouth of (a river); in the direction of flow of.
down	adj	Accepted, respected, or loyally participating in the (thug) community.	At a lower level than before.	Comfortable [with]; accepting [of]; okay [with].	Downright; absolute; positive.	Facing downwards.	Fallen or felled.	Finished (of a task); defeated or dealt with (of an opponent or obstacle); elapsed (of time). Often coupled with to go (remaining).	Having a lower score than an opponent.	In prison.	Inoperable; out of order; out of service.	Mechanically failed, collided, shot down, or otherwise suddenly unable to fly.	Negative about; hostile to.	Out.	Sad, unhappy, depressed, feeling low.	Sick or ill.	Sick, wounded, or damaged:	Stranded in a recumbent position; unable to stand.	Thoroughly practiced, learned or memorised; mastered. (Compare down pat.)	Travelling in the direction leading away from the principal terminus, away from milepost zero.	Wounded and unable to move normally, or killed.
down	verb	Specifically, to cause (something in the air) to fall to the ground; to bring down (with a missile etc.).	To cover, ornament, line, or stuff with down.	To defeat; to overpower.	To disparage; to put down.	To drink or swallow, especially without stopping before the vessel containing the liquid is empty.	To go or come down; to descend.	To knock (someone or something) down; to cause to come down; to fell.	To lower; to put (something) down.	To render (the ball) dead, typically by touching the ground while in possession.	To sink (a ball) into a hole or pocket.
down	noun	A clue whose solution runs vertically in the grid.	A downer, depressant.	A downstairs room of a two-story house.	A field, especially one used for horse racing.	A grudge (on someone).	A hill; in England, especially a chalk hill.	A negative aspect; a downer, a downside.	A single play, from the time the ball is snapped (the start) to the time the whistle is blown (the end) when the ball is down, or is downed.	A tract of poor, sandy, undulating or hilly land near the sea, covered with fine turf which serves chiefly for the grazing of sheep.	An act of swallowing an entire drink at once.	Down payment.	Soft, fluffy immature feathers which grow on young birds. Used as insulating material in duvets, sleeping bags and jackets.	That which is made of down, as a bed or pillow; that which affords ease and repose, like a bed of down.	The lightest quark with a charge number of −¹⁄₃.	The pubescence of plants; the hairy crown or envelope of the seeds of certain plants, such as the thistle.	The soft hair of the face when beginning to appear.
problem	noun	A difficulty that has to be resolved or dealt with.	A puzzling circumstance.	A question to be answered, schoolwork exercise.	A set of moves required to complete a climb.	An addiction, other substance use disorder, or comparable psychological challenge.	Difficulty in accepting or understanding or refusal to accept or understand.	Objection.
problem	adj	Causing a problem; problematic; troublesome.	Difficult to train or guide; unruly.
Toms	name	A surname originating as a patronymic, derived from Tom.	plural of Tom
Toms	noun	plural of Tom
life	noun	A biography.	A chance for the batter (or batting team) to bat again, given as a result of a misplay by a member of the fielding team.	A life assured under a life assurance policy (equivalent to the policy itself for a single life contract).	A life sentence; a period of imprisonment that lasts until the convict's death (or, sometimes, parole).	A living being; the fact of a particular individual being alive. (Chiefly when indicating individuals were lost (died) or saved.)	A particular aspect of existence.	A particular phase or period of existence.	A period extending from a when a (positive or negative) office, punishment, etc is conferred on someone until that person dies (or, sometimes, reaches retirement age).	A period of time during which something has existence.	A worthwhile existence.	An opportunity for existence.	Animation; spirit; vivacity.	Existence.	Lifeforms, generally or collectively.	Nature, reality, and the forms that exist in it.	One of a player's chances to play in various children's playground games, lost when a mistake is made, for example being struck by the ball in dodgeball.	One of the player's chances to play, lost when the player's character dies or when certain mistakes are made.	Social life.	Something which is inherently part of a person's existence, such as job, family, a loved one, etc.	The animating principle or force that keeps an inorganic thing or concept metaphorically alive (dynamic, relevant, etc) and makes it a "living document", "living constitution", etc.	The life insurance industry.	The most lively component or participant.	The period during which one (a person, an animal, a plant; a civilization, species; a star; etc) is alive.	The period of time during which an object is recognizable.	The span of time during which an object operates.	The state of organisms preceding their death, characterized by biological processes such as metabolism and reproduction and distinguishing them from inanimate objects; the state of being alive and living.	The status possessed by any of a number of entities, including animals, plants, fungi, bacteria, and sometimes viruses, which have the properties of replication and metabolism.
life	verb	To replace components whose operational lifetime has expired.
life	intj	Synonym of God's life (an oath).
little	adj	Having few members.	Insignificant, trivial.	Operating on a small scale.	Short in duration; brief.	Small and underdeveloped, particularly (of a male) in the genitals.	Small in extent of views or sympathies; narrow, shallow, contracted; mean, illiberal, ungenerous.	Small in size.	To imply that the inhabitants of the place have an insular attitude and are hostile to those they perceive as foreign.	Used to belittle a person.	Used with the name of a place, especially of a country or its capital, to denote a neighborhood whose residents or storekeepers are from that place.	Very young, of childhood age.	Younger.
little	adv	Not at all.	Not much.
little	det	Not much, only a little: only a small amount (of).
little	pron	Not much; not a large amount.
little	noun	A child, particularly an infant.	A newly initiated member of a sorority or fraternity, who is mentored by a big.	A small amount.	An adult in a child-like role, or in the more junior of two paired roles.	Ellipsis of little go (“type of examination”).	One who has mentally age regressed to a childlike state.	The participant in ageplay who acts out the younger role.
room	noun	(One's) bedroom.	A particular portion of space.	A place or position in society; office; rank; post, sometimes when vacated by its former occupant.	A place; a stead.	A portion of a cave that is wider than a passage.	A quantity of furniture sufficient to furnish one room.	A separate part of a building, enclosed by walls, a floor and a ceiling.	A set of rooms inhabited by someone; one's lodgings.	A space between the timbers of a ship's frame.	Alternative form of roum (“deep blue dye”).	An IRC or chat room.	An area for working in a coal mine.	An opportunity or scope (to do something).	Space for something, or to carry out an activity.	Sufficient space for or to do something.	The people in a room.
room	verb	To assign to a room; to allocate a room to.	To reside, especially as a boarder or tenant.
room	adj	Wide; spacious; roomy.
room	adv	Far; at a distance; wide in space or extent.	Off from the wind.
stay	verb	To bear up under; to endure; to hold out against; to resist.	To brace or support with a stay or stays	To cause to cease; to put an end to.	To change; tack; go about; be in stays, as a ship.	To come to an end; cease.	To continue to have a particular quality.	To dwell; linger; tarry; wait.	To hold out, as in a race or contest; last or persevere to the end; to show staying power.	To hold the attention of.	To incline forward, aft, or to one side by means of stays.	To live; reside.	To make a stand; to stand firm.	To prop; support; sustain; hold up; steady.	To put off; defer; postpone; delay; keep back.	To remain for the purpose of; to stay to take part in or be present at (a meal, ceremony etc.).	To remain in a particular place, especially for a definite or short period of time; sojourn; abide.	To rest; depend; rely.	To restrain; withhold; check; stop.	To stop or delay something.	To stop; come to a stand or standstill.	To stop; detain; keep back; delay; hinder.	To support from sinking; to sustain with strength; to satisfy in part or for the time.	To tack; put on the other tack.	To wait as an attendant; give ceremonious or submissive attendance.	To wait for; await.	To wait; rest in patience or expectation.
stay	noun	A corset.	A fastening for a garment; a hook; a clasp; anything to hang another thing on.	A fixed state; fixedness; stability; permanence.	A guy, rope, or wire supporting or stabilizing a platform, such as a bridge, a pole, such as a tentpole, the mast of a derrick, or other structural element.	A piece of stiff material, such as plastic or whalebone, used to stiffen a piece of clothing.	A postponement, especially of an execution or other punishment.	A prop; a support.	A station or fixed anchorage for vessels.	A stop; a halt; a break or cessation of action, motion, or progress.	A strong rope or wire supporting a mast, and leading from one masthead down to some other, or other part of the vessel.	Continuance or a period of time spent in a place; abode for an indefinite time.	Hindrance; let; check.	Restraint of passion; prudence; moderation; caution; steadiness; sobriety.	The transverse piece in a chain-cable link.
stay	adj	(of a roof) Steeply pitched.	Difficult to negotiate; not easy to access; sheer.	Steep; ascending.	Stiff; upright; unbending; reserved; haughty; proud.
stay	adv	Steeply.
keep	verb	To act as wicket-keeper.	To be in session; to take place.	To continue in (a course or mode of action); to not intermit or fall from; to uphold or maintain.	To continue.	To enter (accounts, records, etc.) in a book.	To have habitually in stock for sale.	To have rooms at college, at the University of Cambridge.	To hold or be held in a state.	To hold the status of something.	To maintain (an establishment or institution); to conduct; to manage.	To maintain possession of.	To maintain the condition of; to preserve in a certain state.	To observe or celebrate (a holiday).	To observe; to adhere to; to fulfill; to not swerve from or violate.	To put away, to put (something) back.	To raise; to care for.	To record transactions, accounts, or events in.	To refrain from freely disclosing (a secret).	To remain edible or otherwise usable.	To remain faithful to a given promise or word.	To remain in a state.	To remain in; to be confined to.	To reside for a time; to lodge; to dwell.	To restrain.	To supply with necessities and financially support (a person).	To take care; to be solicitous; to watch.	To visit (a place) often; to frequent.	To wait for, keep watch for.	To watch over, look after, guard, protect.
keep	noun	A cap for holding something, such as a journal box, in place.	A mistress (the other woman in an extramarital relationship, generally including sexual relations).	That which is kept in charge; a charge.	The act or office of keeping; custody; guard; care; heed; charge; notice.	The food or money required to keep someone alive and healthy; one's support, maintenance.	The main tower of a castle or fortress, located within the castle walls.	The state of being kept; hence, the resulting condition; case.
today	adv	In the current era; nowadays; these days.	On the current day or date.	The day of a recurring cycle or event which is currently happening.
today	noun	The 24-hour period beginning at 6am or sunrise of the current day.	The current day or date.	The present era; nowadays.
today	adj	Current; up to date.
seem	verb	To appear; to look outwardly; to be perceived as.	To befit; to beseem.
three	num	A numerical value after two and before four. Represented in Arabic digits as 3; this many dots (•••).	Describing a set or group with three elements.
three	noun	A person who is three years old.	Abbreviation of three-pointer.	Anything measuring three units, as length.	The digit/figure 3.	The playing card featuring three pips.	Three o'clock, either a.m. or p.m.
id	noun	Alternative spelling of ide (the fish)	Identifier.	The unconscious impulsive component of the personality in the Freudian psychoanalytic model.
id	pron	Alternative form of id..
sure	adj	Betrothed; engaged to marry.	Certain in one's knowledge or belief.	Certain to act or be a specified way.	Free from danger; safe; secure.	Physically secure and certain, non-failing, reliable.
sure	adv	Without doubt, certainly.	Without fail, surely.
sure	intj	Yes; I guess; you could say that; a weak or noncommittal positive response.	Yes; of course.	You're welcome; polite response to being thanked.
Boston	name	A census-designated place in Accomack County, Virginia.	A census-designated place in Nelson County, Kentucky.	A census-designated place in Pennsylvania.	A city in Georgia; named for Thomas M. Boston, who found a medicinal spring near the town site.	A habitational surname transferred from the place name.	A male given name transferred from the place name or surname.	A municipality of the Philippines.	A neighborhood of Louisville, Kentucky.	A number of places in the United States:	A settlement in Belize.	A settlement in Suriname.	A town and borough in Lincolnshire, England (OS grid ref TF3244).	A town in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa.	A town in New York; named for the city in Massachusetts.	A town in South Australia.	A township and town therein, in Wayne County, Indiana; named for the city in Massachusetts.	A township and unincorporated community therein, in Summit County, Ohio; named for the city in Massachusetts.	A township in Ionia County, Michigan.	A township in Washington County, Arkansas.	A village in County Clare, Ireland.	A village in Kyrgyzstan.	An eighteenth-century trick-taking card game for four players, with two packs of fifty-two cards each.	An inactive township in Madison County, Arkansas.	An unincorporated community in Belmont County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Culpeper County and Rappahannock County, Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Highland County, Ohio; named for the city in Massachusetts.	An unincorporated community in Licking County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Missouri; named for the city in Massachusetts.	An unincorporated community, the county seat of Bowie County, Texas.	The capital and largest city of Massachusetts, the informal capital of New England, and the county seat of Suffolk County.
Boston	noun	A Boston lettuce.	In the card game spades, a bid of all 13 tricks.
every	det	All of a countable group (considered individually), without exception.	Denotes an abundance of something.	Denotes equal spacing at a stated interval, or a proportion corresponding to such a spacing.
late	adj	Associated with the end of a period.	Deceased, dead: used particularly when speaking of the dead person's actions while alive. (Generally must be preceded by a possessive or an article, commonly "the"; see usage notes. Can itself only precede the person's name, never follow it.)	Existing or holding some position not long ago, but not now; departed, or gone out of office.	Levied as a surcharge on a payment which has not arrived by a specified deadline.	Near the end of a period of time.	Not arriving or occurring until after an expected time.	Not having had an expected menstrual period.	Of a star or class of stars, cooler than the sun.	Recent — relative to the noun it modifies.	Specifically, near the end of the day.
late	noun	A shift (scheduled work period) that takes place late in the day or at night.
late	adv	After a deadline has passed, past a designated time.	Formerly, especially in the context of service in a military unit.	Not long ago; just now, recently.
nothing	pron	An absence of anything, including empty space, brightness, darkness, matter, or a vacuum.	Not any thing; no thing.
nothing	noun	A nobody (insignificant person).	A trivial remark especially in the term sweet nothings.	Something trifling, or of no consequence or importance.
nothing	adv	Not at all; in no way.
nothing	adj	Completely unimportant.	Lacking effort or commitment.
nothing	intj	Never mind; it's not important; forget what I said.
first	adj	Coming right after the zeroth in things that use zero-based numbering.	Most eminent or exalted; most excellent; chief; highest.	Of or belonging to a first family.	Preceding all others of a series or kind; the ordinal of one; earliest.
first	adv	Before anything else; firstly.	For the first time.	Now.
first	noun	A first-class honours degree.	A first-edition copy of some publication.	A fraction whose (integer) denominator ends in the digit 1.	Something that has never happened before; a new occurrence.	The first gear of an engine.	The person or thing in the first position.	Time; time granted; respite.	first base
first	verb	To propose (a new motion) in a meeting, which must subsequently be seconded.
meet	verb	To adjoin, be physically touching.	To balance or come out correct.	To be mixed with, to be combined with aspects of.	To come face to face with by accident; to encounter.	To come face to face with someone by arrangement.	To come together in conflict.	To come together.	To converge and finally touch or intersect.	To gather for a formal or social discussion; to hold a meeting.	To get acquainted with someone.	To make contact (with someone) while in proximity.	To make physical or perceptual contact.	To perceive; to come to a knowledge of; to have personal acquaintance with; to experience; to suffer.	To play a match.	To respond to (an argument etc.) with something equally convincing; to refute.	To satisfy; to comply with.	To touch or hit something while moving.
meet	noun	A gathering of riders, horses and hounds for foxhunting; a field meet for hunting.	A meeting of two trains in opposite directions on a single track, when one is put into a siding to let the other cross.	A meeting.	A sports competition, especially for track and field or swimming.	The greatest lower bound, an operation between pairs of elements in a lattice, denoted by the symbol ∧.
meet	adj	Submissive; passive.	Suitable; right; proper.
night	noun	A dark blue colour, midnight blue.	A day, or at least a night.	A night's worth of competitions, generally one game.	A period of time often defined in the legal system as beginning 30 minutes after sunset, and ending 30 minutes before sunrise.	An evening or night spent at a particular activity.	Darkness (due to it being nighttime).	Nightfall.	The period of darkness beginning at the end of evening astronomical twilight when the sun is 18 degrees below the horizon, and ending at the beginning of morning astronomical twilight.	The time when the Sun is below the horizon when the sky is dark.
night	intj	Ellipsis of good night.
night	verb	To spend a night (in a place), to overnight.
read	verb	To advise; to counsel. See rede.	To be able to hear what another person is saying over a radio connection.	To be understood or physically read in a specific way.	To call attention to the flaws of (someone) in a playful, taunting, or insulting way.	To consist of certain text.	To fetch data from (a storage medium, etc.).	To imagine sequences of potential moves and responses without actually placing stones.	To interpret, or infer a meaning, significance, thought, intention, etc., from.	To look at and interpret letters or other information that is written.	To observe and comprehend (a displayed signal).	To read a work or works written by the named author.	To recognise (someone) as being transgender.	To speak aloud words or other information that is written. (often construed with a to phrase or an indirect object)	To study (a subject) at a high level, especially at university.	To substitute a corrected piece of text in place of an erroneous one; used to introduce an emendation of a text.	To tell; to declare; to recite.	To think, believe; to consider (that).	Used to introduce a blunter, actually intended meaning.	inflection of read:	past participle	simple past tense
read	noun	A person's interpretation or impression of something.	A reading or an act of reading, especially of an actor's part of a play or a piece of stored data.	An instance of reading (“calling attention to someone's flaws; a taunt or insult”).	Something to be read; a written work.	The identification of a specific sequence of genes in a genome or bases in a nucleic acid string.
may	verb	Expressing a disjunctive or contrastive relation between indicative statements.	Expressing a present possibility; possibly.	Expressing a wish (with present subjunctive effect).	Granting the admissibility of a supposition, in a way that can be semantically either subjunctive or indicative.	To be able to go.	To be able; can.	To be strong; to have power (over).	To celebrate May Day.	To gather may, or flowers in general.	To have permission to, be allowed. Used in granting permission and in questions to make polite requests.	Used in modesty, courtesy, or concession, or to soften a question or remark.
may	noun	A maiden.	The hawthorn bush or its blossoms.
write	verb	To be an author.	To be the author of (a book, article, poem, etc.).	To convey a fact to someone via writing.	To fill in, to complete using words.	To form letters, words or symbols on a surface in order to communicate.	To impress durably; to imprint; to engrave.	To make known by writing; to record; to prove by one's own written testimony; often used reflexively.	To paint a religious icon or a pysanka egg.	To record data mechanically or electronically.	To sell (an option or other derivative).	To send written information to.	To show (information, etc) in written form.
write	noun	The act or style of writing.	The operation of storing data, as in memory or onto disk.
wait	verb	To attend as a consequence; to follow upon; to accompany.	To attend on; to accompany; especially, to attend with ceremony or respect.	To defer or postpone (especially a meal).	To delay movement or action until some event or time; to remain neglected or in readiness.	To delay movement or action until the arrival or occurrence of; to await. (Now generally superseded by “wait for”.)	To remain faithful to one’s partner or betrothed during a prolonged period of absence.	To wait tables; to serve customers in a restaurant or other eating establishment.	To watch with malicious intent; to lie in wait
wait	noun	A delay.	An ambush.	Ellipsis of wait state.	Hautboys, or oboes, played by town musicians.	Musicians who sing or play at night or in the early morning, especially at Christmas time; serenaders; musical watchmen.	One who watches; a watchman.
wait	intj	Tells the other speaker to stop talking, typing etc. for a moment, often to allow clarification.
because	conj	As is known, inferred, or determined from the fact that.	By or for the cause that; on this account that; for the reason that.	So that, in order that.
because	adv	For the reason [with that].	On account, for sake [with of].
because	intj	Used alone to refuse to provide a full answer to a question begun with "why", usually taken as an anapodoton of the elided full phrase "Because I said so".
because	prep	On account of, because of.
father	noun	A male ancestor more remote than a parent; a progenitor; especially, a first ancestor.	A male parent, especially of a human; a male who parents a child (which he has sired, adopted, fostered, taken as his own, etc.).	A male who has sired a baby; this person in relation to his child or children.	A member of a church council.	A person who plays the role of a father in some way.	A pioneering figure in a particular field.	A term of respectful address for a priest.	A term of respectful address for an elderly man.	Something inanimate that begets.	Something that is the greatest or most significant of its kind.	The archived older version of a file that immediately precedes the current version, and was itself derived from the grandfather.
father	verb	To act as a father; to support and nurture.	To adopt as one's own.	To be a father to; to sire.	To give rise to.	To provide with a father.
stop	verb	Not to continue.	To adjust the aperture of a camera lens.	To cause (something) to cease moving or progressing.	To cause (something) to come to an end.	To cease moving.	To cease; to no longer continue (doing something, especially something wrong or undesirable, or something causing irritation or annoyance).	To close or block an opening.	To delay the purchase or sale of (a stock) while agreeing the price for later.	To end someone else's activity.	To make fast; to stopper.	To pronounce (a phoneme) as a stop.	To punctuate.	To regulate the sounds of (musical strings, etc.) by pressing them against the fingerboard with the finger, or otherwise shortening the vibrating part.	To stay; to spend a short time; to reside or tarry temporarily.
stop	noun	A (usually marked) place where buses, trams or trains halt to let passengers get on and off, usually smaller than a station.	A consonant sound in which the passage of air is temporarily blocked by the lips, tongue, or glottis.	A coup d'arret, or stop thrust.	A device intended to block the path of a moving object	A device, or piece, as a pin, block, pawl, etc., for arresting or limiting motion, or for determining the position to which another part shall be brought.	A knob or pin used to regulate the flow of air in an organ.	A marking on a rabbit's hind foot.	A member, plain or moulded, formed of a separate piece and fixed to a jamb, against which a door or window shuts.	A part of a photographic system that reduces the amount of light.	A save; preventing the opposition from scoring a goal	A small well-bucket; a milk-pail.	A symbol used for purposes of punctuation and representing a pause or separating clauses, particularly a full stop, comma, colon or semicolon.	A unit of exposure corresponding to a doubling of the brightness of an image.	A very short shot which touches the ground close behind the net and is intended to bounce as little as possible.	An action of stopping; interruption of travel.	An f-stop.	Ellipsis of full stop.	One of the vent-holes in a wind instrument, or the place on the wire of a stringed instrument, by the stopping or pressing of which certain notes are produced.	That which stops, impedes, or obstructs; an obstacle; an impediment.	The depression in a dog’s face between the skull and the nasal bones.	The diaphragm used in optical instruments to cut off the marginal portions of a beam of light passing through lenses.	The squark that is the superpartner of a top quark.
stop	punct	Used to indicate the end of a sentence in a telegram.
again	adv	Another time: indicating a repeat of an action.	Back (to a former place or state).	Back in the reverse direction, or to an original starting point.	Here too, here also, in this case as well; used in applying a previously made point to a new instance; sometimes preceded by "here".	I ask again, I say again; used in repeating a question or statement.	In any other place.	In return, as a reciprocal action; back.	Moreover; besides; further.	On the other hand.	Over and above a factor of one.	Tell me again, say again; used in asking a question to which one may have already received an answer that one cannot remember.	Used metalinguistically, with the repetition being in the discussion, or in the linguistic or pragmatic context of the discussion, rather than in the subject of discussion.
again	prep	Against.
job	noun	A penis.	A public transaction done for private profit; something performed ostensibly as a part of official duty, but really for private gain; a corrupt official business.	A robbery or heist.	A sex act.	A sudden thrust or stab; a jab or punch.	A task, or series of tasks, carried out in batch mode (especially on a mainframe computer).	A task.	A thing or whatsit (often used in a vague way to refer to something whose name one cannot recall).	An economic role for which a person is paid.	Any affair or event which affects one, whether fortunately or unfortunately.	Plastic surgery.	The police as a profession, act of policing, or an individual police officer.
job	verb	To buy and sell for profit, as securities; to speculate in.	To do odd jobs or occasional work for hire.	To hire or let in periods of service.	To hit (someone) with a quick, sharp punch; to jab.	To peck (of a bird); (more generally) to poke or prod (at, into).	To pierce or poke (someone or something), typically with a sharp or pointed object; to stab.	To seek private gain under pretence of public service; to turn public matters to private advantage.	To subcontract a project or delivery in small portions to a number of contractors.	To take the loss, usually in a demeaning or submissive manner.	To work as a jobber.
ever	adv	Always, frequently, forever.	As intensifier following an interrogative word.	At any time.	Continuously, constantly, all the time (for the complete duration).	Indicates experiential aspect, once; has or have (done something) before.
ever	adj	Occurring at any time, occurring even but once during a timespan.
ever	det	Shortening of every
even	adj	Associate; fellow; of the same condition.	Convenient for rounding other numbers to; for example, ending in a zero.	Divisible by two.	Equal in proportion, quantity, size, etc.	Flat and level.	On equal monetary terms; neither owing nor being owed.	On equal terms of a moral sort; quits.	Parallel; on a level; reaching the same limit.	Without an irregularity, flaw, or blemish; pure.	Without great variation.
even	verb	To act up to; to keep pace with.	To be equal.	To equal or equate; to make the same.	To make flat and level.	To place in an equal state, as to obligation, or in a state in which nothing is due on either side; to balance, as accounts; to make quits.	To set right; to complete.
even	adv	Emphasizing a comparative.	Exactly, just, fully.	In reality; implying an extreme example in the case mentioned, as compared to the implied reality.	Signalling a correction of one's previous utterance; rather, that is.
even	noun	An even number.	Evening.
start	noun	A happening or proceeding.	A projection or protrusion; that which pokes out.	A sudden involuntary movement.	A young plant germinated in a pot to be transplanted later.	An appearance in a sports game, horserace, etc., from the beginning of the event.	An initial advantage over somebody else; a head start.	An instance of starting.	The arm, or level, of a gin, drawn around by a horse.	The beginning of an activity.	The beginning point of a race, a board game, etc.	The curved or inclined front and bottom of a water wheel bucket.
start	verb	To awaken suddenly.	To begin one's menstrual cycle.	To begin, commence, initiate.	To begin.	To bring onto being or into view; to originate; to invent.	To come loose, to break free of a firmly set position; to displace or loosen; to dislocate.	To disturb and set in motion; to alarm; to rouse; to cause to flee.	To have its origin (at), begin.	To jerk, jump up, flinch, or draw back in surprise.	To move suddenly, from a previous state of rest; to startle.	To pour out; to empty; to tap and begin drawing from.	To put into play.	To put or raise (a question, an objection); to put forward (a subject for discussion).	To ready the operation of a vehicle or machine.	To set in motion.
start	adv	Completely, utterly.
French	name	A surname originating as an ethnonym.	French language and literature as an object of study.	The ability of a person to communicate in French.	The language of France, shared by the neighboring countries Belgium, Monaco, and Switzerland and by former French colonies around the world.	Vulgar language.
French	noun	A French person.	Ellipsis of French vermouth, a type of dry vermouth.	Synonym of oral sex, especially fellatio.	The people of France; groups of French people.
French	adj	Of or related to oral sex, especially fellatio.	Of or relating to France.	Of or relating to the French language.	Of or relating to the people or culture of France.	Used to form names or references to an unconventional or fancy style.	Used to form names or references to venereal diseases.
French	verb	Alternative letter-case form of french.
believe	verb	To accept as true, particularly without absolute certainty (i.e., as opposed to knowing).	To accept that someone is telling the truth.	To ascribe existence to.	To believe that (something) is right or desirable.	To have confidence in the ability or power of.	To have religious faith; to believe in a greater truth.	To opine, think, reckon.	[with in]
bad	adj	Attractive due to (one's) rebellious nature.	Bold, daring, and tough.	Evil; wicked.	False; counterfeit; illegitimate.	Faulty; not functional.	Good, superlative, excellent, cool.	Harmful, especially unhealthy; liable to cause health problems.	Inaccurate; incorrect	Malodorous; foul.	Not appropriate, of manners etc.	Not behaving; behaving badly; misbehaving; mischievous or disobedient.	Not covered by funds on account.	Not suitable or fitting.	Not worth it.	Of low quality.	Of poor physical appearance.	Overly promiscuous, licentious.	Regretful, guilty, or ashamed.	Severe, urgent.	Sickly, unhealthy, unwell.	Spoiled, rotten, overripe.	The injured or weak one of a pair of body parts, where the other one is healthy.	Tricky; stressful; unpleasant.	Unfavorable; negative; not good.	Unskilled; of limited ability; not good.	Used without a copula to mock people who oppose something without having any real understanding of it.	Very attractive; hot, sexy.	Vulgar, obscene, or blasphemous.
bad	adv	Badly; poorly.	Badly; severely, extremely, passionately, eagerly.
bad	noun	An item (or kind of item) of merchandise with negative value; an unwanted good.	Error; mistake.	Something that is bad; a harm or evil.
bad	intj	Used to scold a misbehaving child or pet.
bad	verb	To shell (a walnut).	alternative past of bid. See bade.
lose	verb	Of a clock, to run slower than expected.	To be a defeated competitor in (a game, competition, trial, etc).	To be defeated (in a game, competition, contest, etc.)	To be deprived of (some right or privileged access to something).	To be unable to follow or trace (somebody or something) any longer.	To cause (somebody) to be unable to follow or trace one any longer.	To cause (someone) the loss of something; to deprive of.	To cease exhibiting; to overcome (a behavior or emotion).	To cease to have (something) in one's possession or capability.	To experience the death of (someone to whom one has an attachment, such as a relative or friend).	To fail to catch with the mind or senses; to miss.	To have (an organ) removed from one's body, especially by accident.	To pay or owe (some wager) due from an unsuccessful bet or gamble.	To shed (weight).	To shed, remove, discard, or eliminate.	To wander from; to miss, so as not to be able to find; to go astray from.
lose	noun	Alternative form of loos (“praise; fame; reputation”).
hard	adj	Containing alcohol.	Demanding a lot of effort to endure.	Difficult or requiring a lot of effort to do, understand, experience, or deal with.	Difficult to resist or control; powerful.	Excellent, impressive.	Far, extreme.	Fortis.	Hardcore.	Hardened; having unusually strong defences.	Having a comparatively larger or a ninety-degree angle.	Having a high energy (high frequency; short wavelength).	Having a severe property; presenting a barrier to enjoyment.	Having a severe property; presenting difficulty.	Having disagreeable and abrupt contrasts in colour or shading.	Having muscles that are tightened as a result of intense, regular exercise.	Having the capability of being a permanent magnet by being a material with high magnetic coercivity (compare soft).	High in dissolved chemical salts, especially those of calcium.	In a physical form, not digital.	Made up of parallel rays, producing clearly defined shadows.	Of a market: having more demand than supply; being a seller's market.	Of silk: not having had the natural gum boiled off.	Plosive.	Resistant to pressure; difficult to break, cut, or penetrate.	Rigid in the drawing or distribution of the figures; formal; lacking grace of composition.	Severe, harsh, unfriendly, brutal.	Sexually aroused; having an erect penis.	Solid and firm.	Strong.	Tough, muscular, badass.	Unquestionable; unequivocal.	Unvoiced.	Using a manual or physical process, not by means of a software command.	Velarized or plain, rather than palatalized.	Very acidic or tannic.
hard	adv	Compactly.	Near, close.	So as to raise difficulties.	With difficulty.	With much force or effort.
hard	noun	A firm or paved beach or slope convenient for hauling vessels out of the water.	A tyre whose compound is softer than superhards, and harder than mediums.	Crack cocaine.	Hard labor.
hard	verb	To make hard, harden.
run	verb	Of a liquid, to flow.	Of a machine, including computer programs, to be operating or working normally.	Of a means of transportation: to travel (a route).	Of an object, to have a liquid flowing from it.	Of fish, to migrate for spawning.	Of stitches or stitched clothing, to unravel.	To be a candidate in an election.	To be in form thus, as a combination of words.	To be popularly known; to be generally received.	To be presented in the media.	To become different in a way mentioned (usually to become worse).	To become liquid; to melt.	To carry (a football) down the field, as opposed to passing or kicking.	To cause (a vehicle) to travel a route.	To cause stitched clothing to unravel.	To cause to be drawn; to mark out; to indicate; to determine.	To cause to enter; to thrust.	To cause to move quickly or lightly.	To compete in a race.	To complete a running course or event in (a given time).	To control or have precedence in a card game.	To control or manage; to be in charge of.	To cost an amount of money.	To cover (a course or a distance) by running.	To drive or force; to cause, or permit, to be driven.	To eject from a game or match.	To encounter or incur (a danger or risk).	To encounter or suffer (a particular, usually bad, fate or misfortune).	To execute or carry out a plan, procedure, or program.	To exert continuous activity; to proceed.	To extend in space or through a range (often with a measure phrase).	To extend in time, to last, to continue (usually with a measure phrase).	To extend or persist, statically or dynamically, through space or time.	To flee from a danger or towards help.	To flow.	To fuse; to shape; to mould; to cast.	To go at a fast pace; to move quickly.	To have a legal course; to be attached; to continue in force, effect, or operation; to follow; to go in company.	To have growth or development.	To juggle a pattern continuously, as opposed to starting and stopping quickly.	To leak or spread in an undesirable fashion; to bleed (especially used of dye or paint).	To make (something) extend in space.	To make a liquid flow; to make liquid flow from or into an object.	To make a machine operate.	To make enter a race.	To make participate in certain kinds of competitions.	To make stand in an election.	To move briskly or smoothly with a motion of sliding, rolling, sweeping etc.	To move forward quickly upon two feet by alternately making a short jump off either foot.	To move or spread quickly.	To move swiftly.	To pass (without stopping), typically a stop signal, stop sign, or duty to yield the right of way.	To pass or go quickly in thought or conversation.	To press (a bank, etc.) with immediate demands for payment.	To print or broadcast in the media.	To pursue in thought; to carry in contemplation.	To put at hazard; to venture; to risk.	To sail before the wind, in distinction from reaching or sailing close-hauled.	To sew (a seam) by passing the needle through material in a continuous line, generally taking a series of stitches on the needle at the same time.	To smuggle (illegal goods).	To sort through a large volume of produce in quality control.	To speedrun.	To strike (the ball) in such a way as to cause it to run along the ground, as when approaching a hole.	To tease with sarcasms and ridicule.	To tend, as to an effect or consequence; to incline.	To transit (a length of a river), as in whitewater rafting.	To transport (someone or something), notionally at a brisk pace.	past participle of rin
run	noun	A (regular) trip or route.	A continuous period (of time) marked by a trend; a period marked by a continuing trend.	A fast gallop.	A flow of liquid; a leak.	A group of fish that migrate, or ascend a river for the purpose of spawning.	A line of knit stitches that have unravelled, particularly in a nylon stocking.	A literal or figurative path or course for movement relating to:	A pair or set of millstones.	A period of extended (usually daily) drug use.	A playthrough, or attempted playthrough; a session of play.	A pleasure trip.	A production quantity (such as in a factory).	A quick pace, faster than a walk.	A rapid passage in music, especially along a scale.	A running play.	A rural landholding for farming, usually for running sheep, and operated by a runholder.	A score when a runner touches all bases legally; the act of a runner scoring.	A sequence of cards in a suit in a card game.	A series of tries in a game that were successful.	A single trip down a hill, as in skiing and bobsledding.	A small creek or part thereof. (Compare Southern US branch and New York and New England brook.)	A standard or unexceptional group or category.	A sudden series of demands on a bank or other financial institution, especially characterised by great withdrawals.	A trial.	A voyage.	Act or instance of hurrying (to or from a place) (not necessarily on foot); dash or errand, trip.	Act or instance of running, of moving rapidly using the feet.	An enclosure for an animal; a track or path along which something can travel.	Any sudden large demand for something.	Flight, instance or period of fleeing.	Horizontal dimension of a slope.	In sports	Migration of fish.	One’s gait while running; the way one runs.	Something continuous or sequential.	State of being current; currency; popularity.	The act of passing from one wicket to another; the point scored for this.	The distance a ball travels after touching the ground from a stroke.	The distance drilled with a bit, in oil drilling.	The distance sailed by a ship.	The execution of a program or model	The horizontal distance to which a drift may be carried, either by licence of the proprietor of a mine or by the nature of the formation; also, the direction which a vein of ore or other substance takes.	The horizontal length of a set of stairs	The movement communicated to a golf ball by running it.	The period of showing of a play, film, TV series, etc.	The route taken while running or skiing.	The stern of the underwater body of a ship from where it begins to curve upward and inward.	The top of a step on a staircase, also called a tread, as opposed to the rise.	Unrestricted use. Only used in have the run of.	Various horizontal dimensions or surfaces
run	adj	Cast in a mould.	Exhausted; depleted (especially with "down" or "out").	In a liquid state; melted or molten.	Smuggled.	Travelled, migrated; having made a migration or a spawning run.
English	adj	Denoting a vertical orientation of the barn doors on a camera.	English-language; of or pertaining to the language, descended from Anglo-Saxon, which developed in England.	Non-Amish, so named for speaking English rather than a variety of German.	Of or pertaining to England.	Of or pertaining to the avoirdupois system of measure.	Of or pertaining to the people of England (e.g. Englishmen and Englishwomen).
English	noun	A clear and readily understandable expression of some idea in English.	A particular instance of the English language, including:	A size of type between pica (12 point) and great primer (18 point), standardized as 14-point.	Alternative form of english.	Facility with the English language, ability to employ English correctly and idiomatically.	Synonym of language arts, the class dedicated to improving primary and secondary school students' mastery of English and the material taught in such classes.	The English term or expression for some thing or idea.	The English text or phrasing of some spoken or written communication.	The non-Amish, people outside the Amish faith and community.	The people of England, e.g., Englishmen and Englishwomen.
English	name	A male or female given name.	A number of places in the United States:	A town, the county seat of Crawford County, Indiana; named for Indiana statesman William Hayden English.	A variety, dialect, or idiolect of spoken and or written English.	An English surname originally denoting a non-Celtic or non-Danish person in Britain.	An unincorporated community in Brazoria County, Texas.	An unincorporated community in Carroll County, Kentucky.	An unincorporated community in McDowell County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Red River County, Texas.	English language, literature, composition as a subject of study	The language that developed in England and is now spoken in the British Isles, the Commonwealth of Nations, North America, and many other parts of the world.
English	verb	To make English; to claim for England.	To translate, adapt or render into English.
away	adv	Aside, so as to discard something.	Aside; off; in another direction.	At a stated distance in time or space.	Come away; go away; take away.	From a place, hence.	From a state or condition of being; out of existence.	In or to a secure or out-of-the-way place.	In or to something's usual or proper storage place.	On; in continuance; without intermission or delay.	So as to remove or use up something.	Without restraint.
away	intj	Away with you! Go away!
away	adj	At a specified distance in space, time, or figuratively.	Being the player whose ball lies farthest from the hole (or, in disc golf, whose disc lies farthest from the target).	Misspelling of aweigh.	Not here, gone, absent, unavailable, traveling; on vacation.	Not on one's home territory.	Out.
away	verb	To depart; to go to another place.
study	verb	To acquire knowledge on a subject with the intention of applying it in practice.	To endeavor diligently; to be zealous.	To fix the mind closely upon a subject; to dwell upon anything in thought; to muse; to ponder.	To look at minutely.	To review materials already learned in order to make sure one does not forget them, usually in preparation for an examination.	To take a course or courses on a subject.
study	noun	A piece for special practice; an etude.	A room in a house intended for reading and writing; traditionally the private room of the male head of household.	A state of mental perplexity or worried thought.	An academic publication.	An artwork made in order to practise or demonstrate a subject or technique.	An endgame problem composed for artistic merit, where one side is to play for a win or for a draw.	Any particular branch of learning that is studied; any object of attentive consideration.	Mental effort to acquire knowledge or learning.	One who commits a theatrical part to memory.	The act of studying or examining; examination.	The human face, bearing an expression which the observer finds amusingly typical of a particular emotion or state of mind.	Thought, as directed to a specific purpose; one's concern.
tomorrow	adv	At some point in the future; later on	On next (period of time other than a day, such as a week or a month), following the present (period of time).	On the day after the present day.	On the next day (following some date in the past).
tomorrow	noun	A future period or time.	The day after the present day.
everything	pron	A state of well-being (from all parts of the whole).	All the things under discussion.	Considerable effort.	Many or most things.	The most important thing.
everything	verb	Used as a placeholder verb to encapsulate a set of related verbs or any action.
next	adj	Most direct, or shortest or nearest in distance or time.	Nearest in order, succession, or rank; immediately following (or sometimes preceding) in order.	Nearest in place or position, having nothing similar intervening; adjoining.	Nearest in relationship. (See also next of kin.)
next	det	Closest in the future, or closest but one if the closest is very soon; of days, sometimes thought to specifically refer to the instance closest to seven days (one week) in the future.	Denotes the one immediately following the current or most recent one.
next	adv	In a time, place, rank or sequence closest or following.	On the first subsequent occasion.	So as to follow in time or sequence something previously mentioned.
next	prep	On the side of; nearest or adjacent to; next to.
next	noun	Next match	The one that follows after this one.
understand	verb	(generally) To know the meaning of.	(of a skill, task, profession, etc.) To be thoroughly familiar with; to be able to undertake properly.	(of communication or means of communication: words, statements, signs, etc.) To know the meaning of; to parse or have parsed correctly; to comprehend.	(of people) To know the intent, motives or character of; (of events) to know the causes of or reasons for.	To believe or infer, to think one grasps sufficiently despite potentially incomplete knowledge.	To comprehend a fact or principle; to regard or come to regard a belief as such.	To regard as present when not.	To stand underneath, to support.
happy	adj	Appropriate, apt, felicitous.	Content, willing, satisfied (with or to do something); having no objection (to something).	Dexterous, ready, skilful.	Elect or saved after death, blessed.	Experiencing the effect of favourable fortune; favored by fortune or luck; fortunate, lucky, propitious.	Favoring or inclined to use.	Having a feeling arising from a consciousness of well-being or of enjoyment; enjoying good of any kind, such as comfort, peace, or tranquillity; blissful, contented, joyous.	Implying “May you have a happy ⁓” or similar; used in phrases to wish someone happiness or good fortune at the time of a festival, celebration, or other event or activity.
happy	noun	A happy event, thing, person, etc.
happy	verb	Often followed by up: to become happy; to brighten up, to cheer up.	Often followed by up: to make happy; to brighten, to cheer, to enliven.
great	adj	Arising from or possessing idealism; admirable; commanding; illustrious; eminent.	Doing or exemplifying (a characteristic or pursuit) on a large scale; active or enthusiastic.	Important, consequential.	Impressive or striking.	Intensifying a word or expression, used in mild oaths.	Intimate; familiar.	Involving more generations than the qualified word implies — as many extra generations as repetitions of the word great (from 1510s).	Much in use; favoured.	Much, more than usual.	Of much talent or achievements.	Pregnant; large with young; full of.	Taking much space; large.	Very good; excellent; wonderful; fantastic.
great	intj	A sarcastic inversion thereof.	Expression of gladness and content about something.
great	noun	A person of major significance, accomplishment or acclaim.	An instance of the word "great" signifying an additional generation in phrases expressing family relationships.	The main division in a pipe organ, usually the loudest division.
great	adv	Very well (in a very satisfactory manner).
without	adv	Lacking something; failing.	Outside, externally.	Without a condom being worn.
without	prep	Not doing or not having done something.	Not having, containing, characteristic of, etc.	Outside of, beyond.
without	conj	Unless, except (introducing a clause).
plan	noun	A drawing showing technical details of a building, machine, etc., with unwanted details omitted, and often using symbols rather than detailed drawing to represent doors, valves, etc.	A method; a way of procedure; a custom.	A set of intended actions, usually mutually related, through which one expects to achieve a goal.	A subscription to a service.	A two-dimensional drawing of a building as seen from above with obscuring or irrelevant details such as roof removed, or of a floor of a building, revealing the internal layout; as distinct from the elevation.
plan	verb	To create a plan for.	To design (a building, machine, etc.).	To intend.	To make a plan.
name	noun	A person (or legal person).	A reputation.	An abusive or insulting epithet.	An authority; a behalf.	An identifier, generally a unique string of characters.	An investor in Lloyd's of London bearing unlimited liability.	Any nounal word or phrase which indicates a particular person, place, class, or thing.	Any of several types of true yam (Dioscorea) used in Caribbean Spanish cooking.	Those of a certain name; a race; a family.
name	verb	To designate for a role.	To disclose the name of.	To give a name to.	To identify as relevant or important	To initiate a process to temporarily remove a member of parliament who is breaking the rules of conduct.	To mention, specify.	To publicly implicate by name.
walk	verb	Of an object or machine, to move by shifting between two positions, as if it were walking.	Of an object, to go missing or be stolen.	To "walk free", i.e. to win, or avoid, a criminal court case, particularly when actually guilty.	To allow a batter to reach base by pitching four balls.	To be in motion; to act; to move.	To behave; to pursue a course of life; to conduct oneself.	To cause something to move in such a way.	To full; to beat (cloth) to give it the consistency of felt.	To go restlessly about; said of things or persons expected to remain quiet, such as a sleeping person, or the spirit of a dead person.	To leave, resign.	To move (a guest) to another hotel if their confirmed reservation is not available on the day of check-in.	To move on the feet by alternately setting each foot (or pair or group of feet, in the case of animals with four or more feet) forward, with at least one foot on the ground at all times. Compare run.	To operate the left and right throttles of (an aircraft) in alternation.	To push (a vehicle) alongside oneself as one walks.	To put, keep, or train (a puppy) in a walk, or training area for dogfighting.	To reach base by being pitched four balls.	To take for a walk or accompany on a walk.	To tend to move radially while feeding axially, whether tending toward on-center or tending toward off-center. Walking may be desirable (e.g., when a reamer walks into concentricity) or undesirable (e.g., when a twist drill walks into eccentricity.)	To travel (a distance) by walking.	To traverse by walking (or analogous gradual movement).	To walk off the field, as if given out, after the fielding side appeals and before the umpire has ruled; done as a matter of sportsmanship when the batsman believes he is out.
walk	noun	A cheque drawn on a bank that was not a member of the London Clearing and whose sort code was allocated on a one-off basis; they had to be "walked" (hand-delivered by messengers).	A distance walked.	A manner of walking; a person's style of walking.	A path, sidewalk/pavement or other maintained place on which to walk.	A person's conduct or course in life.	A place for keeping and training puppies for dogfighting.	A sequence of alternating vertices and edges, where each edge's endpoints are the preceding and following vertices in the sequence. Compare path, trail.	A situation where all players fold to the big blind, as their first action (instead of calling or raising), once they get their cards.	A trip made by walking.	An Olympic Games track event requiring that the heel of the leading foot touch the ground before the toe of the trailing foot leaves the ground.	An area of an estate planted with fruit-bearing trees.	An award of first base to a batter following four balls being thrown by the pitcher; known in the rules as a "base on balls".	An enclosed area in which a gamecock is confined to prepare him for fighting.	In coffee, coconut, and other plantations, the space between them.	Something very easily accomplished; a walk in the park.
which	conj	And.
which	det	Designates the one(s) previously mentioned.	The/Any ... that; whichever.	What, of those mentioned or implied.
which	pron	In a non-restrictive relative clause, referring to something previously mentioned.	In a restrictive relative clause, referring to a noun previously mentioned.	Referring to a preceding noun.	Referring to a preceding statement.	The/Any ones that; whichever.	Used of people (now generally who, whom, that; which remains possible with words also referred to by it such as baby, child).	Used of people.	What one or ones (of those mentioned or implied).
mother	noun	A disc produced from the electrotyped master, used in manufacturing phonograph records.	A female ancestor.	A female parent, especially of a human; a female who parents a child (which she has given birth to, adopted, or fostered).	A female who donates a fertilized egg or donates a body cell which has resulted in a clone.	A female who has given birth to a baby; this person in relation to her child or children.	A locomotive which provides electrical power for a slug.	A person who is admired, respected, or looked up to within a particular fandom or community; see also: serve cunt	A pregnant female; mother-to-be; a female who gestates a baby.	A source or origin.	A striking example. (Appears as "mother of a(n) __".)	A term of address for one's wife.	A title of respect for one's mother-in-law.	Alternative form of moth-er.	Any elderly woman, especially within a particular community.	Any person or entity which performs mothering.	Dregs, lees; a stringy, mucilaginous or film- or membrane-like substance (consisting of a culture of acetobacters) which develops in fermenting alcoholic liquids (such as wine, or cider), and turns the alcohol into acetic acid with the help of oxygen from the air.	Hysterical passion; hysteria; the uterus.	Motherfucker.	Something that is the greatest or most significant of its kind. (See mother of all.)	The female superior or head of a religious house; an abbess, etc.	The principal piece of an astrolabe, into which the others are fixed.
mother	verb	To cause to contain mother (“that substance which develops in fermenting alcohol and turns it into vinegar”).	To develop mother.	To give birth to or produce (as its female parent) a child. (Compare father.)	To treat as a mother would be expected to treat her child; to nurture.
drink	verb	To consume (a liquid) through the mouth.	To consume alcoholic beverages.	To consume the liquid contained within (a bottle, glass, etc.).	To express one's desire for the accomplishment of a toast, sentiment or event, to wish, hope (for), forward (especially as 'to drink the health (of someone)').	To smoke, as tobacco.	To take in (a liquid), in any manner; to suck up; to absorb; to imbibe.	To take in; to receive within one, through the senses; to inhale; to hear; to see.	To toast (someone or something) with a drink, honour; to wish well (see drink to), especially	To toast (someone or something) with a drink, honour; to wish well (see drink to), especially:	Used in phrasal verbs: drink down, drink in, drink off, drink out, drink to, drink up.	[with to ‘someone or something’]
drink	noun	A (served) alcoholic beverage.	A beverage.	A downpour; a cloudburst; a rainstorm; a deluge; a lot of rain.	A standard drink.	A type of beverage (usually mixed).	Alcoholic beverages in general.	Any body of water.	Drinks in general; something to drink.	The action of drinking, especially with the verbs take or have.
question	noun	A doubt or challenge about the truth, accuracy, or validity of a matter.	A proposal to a meeting as a topic for deliberation.	A subject or topic for consideration or investigation.	A worded or expressed sentence, phrase, or only a word on its own, which asks for information, a reply, or a response; an interrogative.	Interrogation by torture.	Talk; conversation; speech.
question	verb	To argue; to converse; to dispute.	To ask a question or questions; inquire or seek to know; examine.	To ask questions of; to interrogate; to ask for information.	To raise doubts about; have doubts about.
watch	noun	A group of sailors and officers aboard a ship or shore station with a common period of duty: starboard watch, port watch.	A particular time period when guarding is kept.	A period of time on duty, usually four hours in length; the officers and crew who tend the working of a vessel during the same watch. (FM 55–501).	A period of wakefulness between the two sleeps of a biphasic sleep pattern (the dead sleep or first sleep and morning sleep or second sleep): the first waking.	A person or group of people who guard.	A portable or wearable timepiece.	The act of guarding and observing someone or something.	The act of seeing, or viewing, for a period of time.	The post or office of a watchman; also, the place where a watchman is posted, or where a guard is kept.
watch	verb	To act as a lookout.	To attend to dangers to or regarding.	To be awake.	To be on the lookout for; to wait for expectantly.	To be vigilant or on one's guard.	To be wary or cautious of.	To look at, see, or view for a period of time.	To mind, attend, or guard.	To observe over a period of time; to notice or pay attention.	To remain awake with a sick or dying person; to maintain a vigil.	To serve the purpose of a watchman by floating properly in its place.
word	noun	A brief discussion or conversation.	A discrete, meaningful unit of language approved by an authority or native speaker (compare non-word).	A finite string that is not a command or operator.	A fixed-size group of bits handled as a unit by a machine and which can be stored in or retrieved from a typical register (so that it has the same size as such a register).	A group element, expressed as a product of group elements.	A minor reprimand.	A promise; an oath or guarantee.	A proverb or motto.	A sequence of letters, characters, or sounds, considered as a discrete entity, though it does not necessarily belong to a language or have a meaning.	A unit of text equivalent to five characters and one space.	A watchword or rallying cry, a verbal signal (even when consisting of multiple words).	An order; a request or instruction; an expression of will.	Communication from God; the message of the Christian gospel; the Bible, Scripture.	Logos, Christ.	News; tidings.	See words.	Something like such a unit of language:	Something that someone said; a comment, utterance; speech.	The fact or act of speaking, as opposed to taking action. .	The smallest discrete unit of spoken language with a particular meaning, composed of one or more phonemes and one or more morphemes	The smallest discrete unit of written language with a particular meaning, composed of one or more letters or symbols and one or more morphemes	The smallest unit of language that has a particular meaning and can be expressed by itself; the smallest discrete, meaningful unit of language. (contrast morpheme.)	With regards to Intel or Intel-compatible hardware and/or in the context of Windows programming, a group of exactly 16 bits regardless of the actual processor capabilities; a fossilized unit referring to the small word size of historical CPUs.
word	verb	Alternative form of worth (“to become”).	To conjure with a word.	To flatter with words, to cajole.	To ply or overpower with words.	To say or write (something) using particular words; to phrase (something).	To speak, to use words; to converse, to discourse.
word	intj	An abbreviated form of word up; a statement of the acknowledgment of fact with a hint of nonchalant approval.	Truth, indeed, that is the truth! The shortened form of the statement "My word is my bond."
hand	noun	A Native American gambling game, involving guessing the whereabouts of bits of ivory or similar, which are passed rapidly from hand to hand.	A bunch of bananas, a typical retail amount, where individual fruits are fingers.	A bundle of tobacco leaves tied together.	A hand which is free to assist; especially due to having one's hands full or otherwise fully preoccupied.	A limb of certain animals, such as the foot of a hawk, or any one of the four extremities of a monkey.	A performer more or less skilful.	A person's autograph or signature.	A round of a card game.	A side; part, camp; direction, either right or left.	A whole rhizome of ginger.	Actual performance; deed; act; workmanship; agency; hence, manner of performance.	Agency in transmission from one person to another.	An agent; a servant, or manual laborer; a workman, trained or competent for special service or duty.	An index or pointer on a dial; such as the hour and minute hands on the face of an analog clock, which are used to indicate the time of day.	An instance of helping.	Applause.	Four inches, a hand's breadth.	Handwriting; style of penmanship.	In linear measurement:	Management, domain, control.	Personal possession; ownership.	Power of performance; means of execution; ability; skill; dexterity.	Promise, word; especially of a betrothal.	Rate; price.	That which is, or may be, held in a hand at once.	That which resembles, or to some extent performs the office of, a human hand.	The feel of a fabric; the impression or quality of the fabric as judged qualitatively by the sense of touch.	The part of the forelimb below the forearm or wrist in a human, and the corresponding part in many other animals.	The set of cards held by a player.	The small part of a gunstock near the lock, which is grasped by the hand in taking aim.	Three inches.
hand	verb	To cooperate.	To furl (a sail).	To give, pass or transmit with the hand, literally or figuratively.	To lead, guide, or assist with the hand; to conduct.	To manage.	To pledge by the hand; to handfast.	To seize; to lay hands on.
turn	verb	Of a ball, to move sideways off the pitch when it bounces.	Of a bowler, to make (the ball) move sideways off the pitch when it bounces.	Of a player, to go past an opposition player with the ball in one's control.	To be nauseated; said of the stomach.	To become (begin to be).	To bring down the feet of a child in the womb, in order to facilitate delivery.	To change (a person) into a vampire, werewolf, zombie, etc.	To change condition or attitude.	To change fundamentally; to metamorphose.	To change one's course of action; to take a new approach.	To change one's direction of travel.	To change personal condition.	To change personalities, such as from being a face (good guy) to heel (bad guy) or vice versa.	To change the color of the leaves in the autumn.	To change the direction or orientation of, especially by rotation.	To change the sexual orientation or gender of another person, or otherwise awaken a sexual preference.	To complete.	To direct or impel (something) into a place.	To give form to; to shape or mould; to adapt.	To hinge; to depend.	To invert a type of the same thickness, as a temporary substitute for any sort which is exhausted.	To magically or divinely repel undead.	To make (money); turn a profit.	To make a non-linear physical movement.	To make acid or sour; to ferment; to curdle.	To make or become giddy; said of the head or brain.	To move about an axis through itself.	To navigate through a book or other printed material.	To position (something) by folding it, or using its folds.	To reach a certain age.	To rebel; to go against something formerly tolerated.	To shape (something) symmetrically by rotating it against a stationary cutting tool, as on a lathe.	To sicken; to nauseate.	To sour or spoil; to go bad.	To transform into a vampire, werewolf, zombie, etc.	To translate.	To twist or sprain.	To undergo the process of turning on a lathe.
turn	noun	A chance to use (something) shared in sequence with others.	A change in temperament or circumstance.	A change of direction or orientation.	A deed done to another; an act of kindness or malice.	A figure in music, often denoted ~, consisting of the note above the one indicated, the note itself, the note below the one indicated, and the note itself again.	A fit or a period of giddiness.	A movement of an object about its own axis in one direction that continues until the object returns to its initial orientation.	A pass behind or through an object.	A short skit, act, or routine.	A sideways movement of the ball when it bounces (caused by rotation in flight).	A single loop of a coil.	A spell of work, especially the time allotted to a person in a rota or schedule.	A type turned upside down to serve for another character that is not available.	A unit of plane angle measurement based on this movement.	A walk to and fro.	An instance of going past an opposition player with the ball in one's control.	Character; personality; nature.	One's chance to make a move in a game having two or more players.	The flop (the first three community cards) in Texas hold 'em.	The fourth communal card in Texas hold 'em.	The profit made by a stockjobber, being the difference between the buying and selling prices.	The time required to complete a project.
dog	noun	(from "dog and bone") Phone or mobile phone.	A click or pallet adapted to engage the teeth of a ratchet wheel, to restrain the back action.	A cock, as of a gun.	A dance having a brief vogue in the 1960s in which the actions of a dog were mimicked.	A double-ended side spike driven through a hole in the flange of a rail on a tramway.	A dull, unattractive girl or woman.	A flop; a film that performs poorly at the box office.	A hot dog: a frankfurter, wiener, or similar sausage; or a sandwich made from this.	A male dog, wolf, or fox, as opposed to a bitch or vixen.	A mammal of the family Canidae:	A man, guy, chap.	A mechanical device or support:	A metal support for logs in a fireplace.	A person:	A sexually aggressive man.	An underdog.	Any member of the family Canidae, including domestic dogs, wolves, coyotes, jackals, foxes, and their relatives (extant and extinct).	Any of various mechanical devices for holding, gripping, or fastening something, particularly with a tooth-like projection.	Foot; toe.	One of the cones used to divide up a racetrack when training horses.	Someone who is cowardly, worthless, or morally reprehensible.	Something that performs poorly.	The eighteenth Lenormand card.	The meat of this animal, eaten as food.	The species Canis familiaris (sometimes designated Canis lupus familiaris), domesticated for thousands of years and of highly variable appearance because of human breeding.
dog	verb	To criticize.	To divide (a watch) with a comrade.	To fasten a hatch securely.	To follow in an annoying or harassing way.	To intentionally restrict one's productivity as employee; to work at the slowest rate that goes unpunished.	To pursue with the intent to catch.	To watch, or participate, in sexual activity in a public place.
dog	adj	Of inferior quality; very bad.
soon	adj	Early.	Short in length of time from the present.	Used as an alternative to express 'to be going to' in the form 'to be soon to'.
soon	adv	Early.	Immediately, instantly.	Readily; willingly; used with would, or some other word expressing will.	Within a short time; quickly.
world	noun	(Several) alternative scenarios concerning The Earth, either as the physical planet, or in a geopolitical, cultural or societal context.	A fictional realm, such as a planet, containing one or multiple societies of beings, especially intelligent ones.	A great amount, a lot.	A majority of people.	A planet, especially one which is inhabited or inhabitable.	A subdivision of a game, consisting of a series of stages or levels that usually share a similar environment or theme.	A very large extent of country.	Age, era.	An individual or group perspective or social setting.	Any of several possible scenarios concerning The Earth, either as the physical planet, or in a geopolitical, cultural or societal context.	Any other astronomical body which may be inhabitable, such as a natural satellite.	In various mythologies, cosmologies, etc., one of a number of separate realms or regions having different characteristics and occupied by different types of inhabitants.	The Earth, especially in a geopolitical or cultural context, or as the physical planet.	The Universe.	The part of an operating system distributed with the kernel, consisting of the shell and other programs.	The subjective human experience, regarded collectively; human collective existence; existence in general; the reality we live in.	The subjective human experience, regarded individually.	The twenty-second trump or major arcana card of the tarot.
world	verb	To consider or cause to be considered from a global perspective; to consider as a global whole, rather than making or focusing on national or other distinctions; compare globalize.	To make real; to make worldly.
week	noun	A date seven days after (sometimes before) the specified day.	A period of five days beginning with Monday.	A period of seven days beginning with Sunday or Monday.	A subdivision of the month into longer periods of work days punctuated by shorter weekend periods of days for markets, rest, or religious observation such as a sabbath.	Any period of seven consecutive days.
week	intj	The squeal of a pig.
learn	verb	To acquire, or attempt to acquire knowledge or an ability to do something.	To attend a course or other educational activity.	To come to know; to become informed of; to find out.	To gain knowledge from a bad experience so as to improve.	To study.	To teach.
learn	noun	The act of learning something.
become	verb	Of an adornment, piece of clothing etc.: to look attractive on (someone).	To arrive, come (to a place).	To be proper for; to beseem.	To come about; happen; come into being; arise.	begin to be; turn into.
around	prep	At or to various places within or throughout.	Centred upon; surrounding; regarding.	Following a path which curves near an object, with the object on the inside of the curve.	Following the perimeter of a specified area and returning to the starting point.	Forming a circle or closed curve containing (something).	Near; in the vicinity of.
around	adj	Alive; existing.	Present in the vicinity.
around	adv	From one state or condition to an opposite or very different one; with a metaphorical change in direction; bringing about awareness or agreement.	From place to place.	Nearly; approximately; about.	So as to form a circle or trace a circular path, or approximation thereof.	So as to partially or completely rotate; so as to face in the opposite direction.	So as to surround or be near.	Used with certain verbs to suggest unproductive activity.	Used with verbs to indicate repeated or continuous action, or in numerous locations or with numerous people.
most	det	superlative degree of many: the comparatively largest number of (construed with the definite article)	superlative degree of many: the majority of; more than half of (construed without the definite article)	superlative degree of much.
most	adv	Almost.	Forms the superlative of many adjectives.	To a great extent or degree; highly; very.	superlative degree of much
most	adj	The greatest; the best.
most	pron	The greater part of a group, especially a group of people.
most	noun	A record-setting amount.	The greater part.	The greatest amount.
such	det	A certain; representing the object as already particularized in terms which are not mentioned.	Any.	Like this, that, these, those; used to make a comparison with something implied by context.	Used as an intensifier roughly equivalent to very much (of), quite or rather.	Used with gradable noun phrases to form exclamations.
such	pron	A person, a thing, people, or things like the one or ones already mentioned.
such	noun	Something being indicated that is similar to something else.
place	noun	A chess position; a square of the chessboard.	A fortified position: a fortress, citadel, or walled town.	A location or position in space.	A particular location in a book or document, particularly the current location of a reader	A passage or extract from a book or document.	A responsibility or position in an organization.	A role or purpose; a station.	A state of mind.	A street, sometimes but not always surrounding a public place, square, or plaza of the same name.	A topic.	An area of the body, especially the skin.	An area to fight: a battlefield or the contested ground in a battle.	An area to urinate and defecate: an outhouse or lavatory.	An area; somewhere within an area.	An inhabited area: a village, town, or city.	An open space, particularly a city square, market square, or courtyard.	Any area of the earth: a region.	Numerically, the column counting a certain quantity.	Ordinal relation; position in the order of proceeding.	Reception; effect; implying the making room for.	The area one occupies, particularly somewhere to sit.	The area where one lives: one's home, formerly (chiefly) country estates and farms.	The position as a member of a sports team.	The position of a contestant in a competition.	The position of first, second, or third at the finish, especially the second position.
place	verb	To assign (more or less value) to something.	To bet.	To earn a given spot in a competition; to rank at a certain position ((often followed by an ordinal)).	To finish second, especially of horses or dogs.	To make.	To place-kick (a goal).	To put (someone or something) in a specific location.	To recruit or match an appropriate person for a job, or a home for an animal for adoption, etc.	To remember where and when (an object or person) has been previously encountered.	To sing (a note) with the correct pitch.	To vouch for someone's alibi.
pay	verb	To admit that a joke, punchline, etc., was funny.	To be profitable for.	To be profitable or worth the effort.	To cover (the bottom of a vessel, a seam, a spar, etc.) with tar or pitch, or a waterproof composition of tallow, resin, etc.; to smear.	To discharge an obligation or debt.	To discharge, as a debt or other obligation, by giving or doing what is due or required.	To give (something else than money).	To give money or other compensation to in exchange for goods or services.	To suffer consequences.
pay	noun	A paying job; a paying concern.	Money given in return for work; salary or wages.
pay	adj	Operable or accessible on deposit of coins.	Pertaining to or requiring payment.
girl	noun	(as a modifier) A female (tree, gene, etc).	A child of any gender.	A female child.	A female friend.	A female non-human animal, especially, in affectionate address, a female pet, especially a dog.	A female servant; a maid. (see usage notes)	A machine or vehicle, especially one that the speaker uses often and is fond of.	A queen (the playing card).	A roebuck two years old.	A term of address to a female (see usage notes)	A woman, especially a young and often attractive woman.	Cocaine, especially in powder form.	One's daughter.	One's girlfriend.
girl	verb	To feminize or girlify; to gender as a girl or as for girls.	To staff with or as a girl or girls.
yesterday	noun	The day immediately before today; one day ago.	The past, often in terms of being outdated.
yesterday	adv	As soon as possible.	On the day before today.
youre	contraction	Misspelling of you're.
hope	verb	To expect optimistically that one might get something (either a change in circumstance or an object) [with for].	To intend to do something and look forward to the prospect of having done it [with to (+ infinitive)].	To place confidence; to trust with confident expectation of good [with in].	To want something to happen, with a sense of expectation that it might [with that (+ clause) or clause or so].	To wish.
hope	noun	A hollow; a valley, especially the upper end of a narrow mountain valley when it is nearly encircled by smooth, green slopes; a combe.	A person or thing that is a source of hope.	A sloping plain between mountain ridges.	A small bay; an inlet; a haven.	The actual thing wished for.	The feeling of trust, confidence, belief or expectation that something wished for can or will happen.	The virtuous desire for future good.
break	verb	Of prices on the stock exchange: to fall suddenly.	To (attempt to) disengage and flee to; to make a run for.	To B-boy; to breakdance.	To alter in type due to emotion or strain: in men, generally to go up, in women, sometimes to go down; to crack.	To arrive.	To be crushed, or overwhelmed with sorrow or grief.	To become audible suddenly.	To become deeper at puberty.	To become weakened in constitution or faculties; to lose health or strength.	To begin or end.	To brake.	To burst forth; to make its way; to come into view.	To cause (a barrier) to no longer bar.	To cause (a person or animal) to lose spirit or will; to crush the spirits of.	To cause (some feature of a program or piece of software) to stop functioning properly; to cause a regression.	To cause the shell of (an egg) to crack, so that the inside (yolk) is accessible.	To cause, or allow the occurrence of, a line break.	To change a steady state abruptly.	To collapse into surf, after arriving in shallow water.	To counter-attack.	To crack or fracture (bone) under a physical strain.	To de-emulsify.	To demote; to reduce the military rank of.	To destroy the arrangement of; to throw into disorder; to pierce.	To destroy the official character and standing of; to cashier; to dismiss.	To destroy the strength, firmness, or consistency of.	To disclose or make known an item of news, a band, etc.	To divide (something, often money) into smaller units.	To end (a connection); to disconnect.	To end the run of (a play).	To end.	To fail in business; to go broke, to become bankrupt.	To fall out; to terminate friendship.	To go down, in terms of temperature, indicating that the most dangerous part of the illness has passed.	To interrupt (a fall) by inserting something so that the falling object does not (immediately) hit something else beneath.	To interrupt or cease one's work or occupation temporarily; to go on break.	To interrupt; to destroy the continuity of; to dissolve or terminate.	To lay open, as a purpose; to disclose, divulge, or communicate.	To make an abrupt or sudden change; to change gait.	To make the first shot; to scatter the balls from the initial neat arrangement.	To open (a safe) without using the correct key, combination, or the like.	To remove one of the two men on (a point).	To render (a game) unchallenging by altering its rules or exploiting loopholes or weaknesses in them in a way that gives a player an unfair advantage.	To ruin financially.	To separate into two or more pieces, to fracture or crack, by a process that cannot easily be reversed for reassembly.	To stop, or to cause to stop, functioning properly or altogether.	To suddenly become.	To surpass or do better than (a specific number); to do better than (a record), setting a new record.	To suspend the execution of a program during debugging so that the state of the program can be investigated.	To terminate the execution of a program before normal completion.	To turn an animal into a beast of burden.	To violate; to fail to adhere to.	To win a game (against one's opponent) as receiver.
break	noun	A change, particularly the end of a spell of persistent good or bad weather.	A game won by the receiving player(s).	A keystroke or other signal that causes a program to terminate or suspend execution.	A large four-wheeled carriage, having a straight body and calash top, with the driver's seat in front and the footman's behind.	A physical space that opens up in something or between two things.	A place where waves break (that is, where waves pitch or spill forward creating white water).	A rest or pause, usually from work.	A scheduled interval of days or weeks between periods of school instruction; a holiday.	A section of extended repetition of the percussion break to a song, created by a hip-hop DJ as rhythmic dance music.	A sharp bit or snaffle.	A short holiday.	A short section of music, often between verses, in which some performers stop while others continue.	A significant change in circumstance, attitude, perception, or focus of attention.	A sudden fall in prices on the stock exchange.	A temporary split with a romantic partner.	A time for students to talk or play between lessons.	Alternative form of brake (“cart or carriage without a body, for breaking in horses”)	An act of escaping.	An area along a river that features steep banks, bluffs, or gorges (e.g., Upper Missouri River Breaks National Monument, US).	An error.	An instance of breaking something into two or more pieces.	An interruption of continuity; departure from or rupture with.	An interval or intermission between two parts of a performance, for example a theatre show, broadcast, or sports game.	Ellipsis of breakpoint.	The beginning (of the morning).	The counter-attack.	The curve imparted to the ball's motion on the green due to slope or grass texture.	The first shot in a game of billiards.	The number of points scored by one player in one visit to the table.	The opening of packages of cards for a collectible card game, often for further distribution to paying customers.	The point in the musical scale at which a woodwind instrument is designed to overblow, that is, to move from its lower to its upper register.	The separation between lines, paragraphs or pages of a written text.	The start of a horse race.	The transition area between a singer's vocal registers; the passaggio.
sit	verb	Of a legislative or, especially, a judicial body such as a court, to be in session.	To accommodate in seats; to seat.	To babysit.	To be a member of a deliberative body.	To be accepted or acceptable; to work.	To be adjusted; to fit.	To be in a position in which the upper body is upright and supported by the buttocks.	To cause to be seated or in a sitting posture; to furnish a seat to.	To cover and warm eggs for hatching, as a fowl; to brood; to incubate.	To have position, as at the point blown from; to hold a relative position; to have direction.	To keep one's seat when faced with (a blow, attack); to endure, to put up with.	To lie, rest, or bear; to press or weigh.	To move oneself into such a position.	To occupy a given position.	To remain in a state of repose; to rest; to abide; to rest in any position or condition.	To take a position for the purpose of having some artistic representation of oneself made, such as a picture or a bust.	To take, to undergo or complete (an examination or test).
sit	noun	An act of sitting.	An event, usually lasting one full day or more, where the primary goal is to sit in meditation.	Clipping of situation.	Subsidence of the roof of a coal mine.
change	verb	To become something different.	To change hand while riding (a horse).	To exchange.	To make something into something else.	To replace one's clothing.	To replace the clothing of (the one wearing it).	To replace.	To transfer to another vehicle (train, bus, etc.)
change	noun	A change-up pitch.	A public house; an alehouse.	A replacement.	A transfer between vehicles.	An amount of cash, usually in the form of coins, but sometimes inclusive of paper money.	Any order in which a number of bells are struck, other than that of the diatonic scale.	Balance of money returned from the sum paid after deducting the price of a purchase.	Small denominations of money given in exchange for a larger denomination.	The process of becoming different.
big	adj	Adult; (of a child) older.	Enthusiastic (about).	Fat.	Having a large penis.	Having large muscles, especially visible ones such as the chest and arm muscles.	Important or significant.	Large with young; pregnant; swelling; ready to give birth or produce.	Mature, conscientious, principled; generous.	Of great size, large.	Old, mature. Used to imply that someone is too old for something, or acting immaturely.	Operating on a large scale, especially if therefore having undue or sinister influence.	Popular.	Populous.	Specifically, big-breasted.	Used as an intensifier, especially of negative-valence nouns	Well-endowed; with a desired body part notably large.
big	adv	(modifying a preposition)	Hard; with great force.	In a boasting manner.	In a large amount or to a large extent.	In a loud manner.	On a large scale, expansively.
big	noun	An important or powerful person; a celebrity; a big name.	An initiated member of a sorority or fraternity who acts as a mentor to a new member (the little).	One or more kinds of barley, especially six-rowed barley.	Someone or something that is large in stature	The big leagues, big time.	The participant in ageplay who acts out the older role.
big	verb	To build; erect; fashion.	To dwell; have a dwelling.	To inhabit; occupy.	To locate oneself.
language	noun	A body of sounds, signs and/or signals by which animals communicate, and by which plants are sometimes also thought to communicate.	A body of words, and set of methods of combining them (called a grammar), understood by a community and used as a form of communication.	A computer language; a machine language.	A languet, a flat plate in or below the flue pipe of an organ.	A sublanguage: the slang of a particular community or jargon of a particular specialist field.	Manner of expression.	Profanity.	The ability to communicate using words.	The expression of thought (the communication of meaning) in a specified way; that which communicates something, as language does.	The particular words used in a speech or a passage of text.
language	verb	To communicate by language; to express in language.
language	intj	An admonishment said in response to vulgar language.
boy	noun	A former low rank of various armed services; a holder of this rank.	A male (tree, gene, etc).	A male camp follower.	A male child.	A male friend.	A male human of any age, as opposed to a "girl" (female human of any age).	A male human younger than the speaker.	A male non-human animal, especially, in affectionate address, a male pet, especially a dog.	A male of low station, (especially as pejorative) a worthless male, a wretch; a mean and dishonest male, a knave.	A male servant, slave, assistant, or employee	A male servant, slave, assistant, or employee, particularly	A male submissive.	A non-white male servant regardless of age, particularly as a form of address.	A son of any age.	A younger such worker.	Any non-white male, regardless of age.	Heroin.
boy	intj	Exclamation of surprise, pleasure or longing.
boy	verb	To act as a boy (in allusion to the former practice of boys acting women's parts on the stage).
door	noun	A barrier.	A building with a door, especially a house.	A means of approach or access.	A portal of entry into a building, room, or vehicle, typically consisting of a rigid plane movable on a hinge. It may have a handle to help open and close, a latch to hold it closed, and a lock that ensures it cannot be opened without a key.	A possibility.	A software mechanism by which a user can interact with a program running remotely on a bulletin board system. See BBS door.	An entry point.	Any flap, etc. that opens like a door.	The proceeds from entrance fees and/or ticket sales at a venue such as a bar or nightclub, especially in relation to portion paid to the entertainers.
door	verb	To cause a collision by opening the door of a vehicle in front of an oncoming cyclist or pedestrian.
die	verb	Obsolete spelling of dye.	To (stop living and) undergo (a specified death).	To abort, to terminate (as an error condition).	To be mortified or shocked by a situation.	To be or become hated or utterly ignored or cut off, as if dead.	To be so overcome with emotion or laughter as to be incapacitated.	To become indifferent; to cease to be subject.	To become spiritually dead; to lose hope.	To become vapid, flat, or spiritless, as liquor.	To disappear gradually in another surface, as where mouldings are lost in a sloped or curved face.	To expire at the end of the session of a legislature without having been brought to a vote.	To fail to evoke laughter from the audience.	To lose or be eliminated from a game, particularly with a deathlike animation.	To perish; to cease to exist; to become lost or extinct.	To sink; to faint; to pine; to languish, with weakness, discouragement, love, etc.	To stop living; to become dead; to undergo death.	To stop working; to break down or otherwise lose "vitality".	To yearn intensely.	followed by for; often expressing wider contextual motivations, though sometimes indicating direct causes	followed by from as an indication of direct cause; general use, though somewhat more common in the context of medicine or the sciences	followed by of as an indication of direct cause; general use	followed by to as an indication of direct cause (like from)	followed by with as an indication of direct cause	followed by with as an indication of manner	to die in a certain form.
die	noun	A device for cutting into a specified shape.	A device used to cut an external screw thread. (Internal screw threads are cut with a tap.)	A mold for forming metal or plastic objects.	An embossed device used in stamping coins and medals.	An isohedral polyhedron, usually a cube, with numbers or symbols on each side and thrown in games of chance.	An oblong chip fractured from a semiconductor wafer engineered to perform as an independent device or integrated circuit.	Any small cubical or square body.	Obsolete spelling of dye.	That which is, or might be, determined, by a throw of the die; hazard; chance.	The cubical part of a pedestal; a plinth.
die	adv	per day
enough		
hour	noun	A distance that can be traveled in one hour.	A season, moment, or time.	A unit of time of one twenty-fourth of a day (sixty minutes).	The amount of labor demanded by an employer in terms of time.	The set times of prayer, the canonical hours, the offices or services prescribed for these, or a book containing them.	The time.	Used after a two-digit hour and a two-digit minute to indicate time.
water	noun	A body of water, almost always a river, sometimes a lake or reservoir, especially in the names given to such bodies.	A combination of water and other substance(s).	A inorganic compound (of molecular formula H₂O) found at room temperature and pressure as a clear liquid; it is present naturally as rain, and found in rivers, lakes and seas; its solid form is ice and its gaseous form is steam.	A particular quality or appearance suggestive of water:	A person's intuition.	A serving of liquid water.	A solution in water of a gaseous or readily volatile substance.	A state of affairs; conditions; usually with an adjective indicating an adverse condition.	A wavy, lustrous pattern or decoration such as is imparted to linen, silk, metals, etc.	Amniotic fluid or the amniotic sac containing it. (Used only in the plural in the UK but often also in the singular in North America.)	Excess valuation of securities.	Fluids in the body, especially when causing swelling.	Mineral water.	Spa water.	The aforementioned liquid, considered one of the Classical elements or basic elements of alchemy.	The limpidity and lustre of a precious stone, especially a diamond.	The liquid form of this substance: liquid H₂O.	The water supply, as a service or utility.	Urine.	Water in a body; an area of open water.
water	verb	To dilute.	To fill with or secrete water or similar liquid.	To get or take in water.	To overvalue (securities), especially through deceptive accounting.	To pour water into the soil surrounding (plants).	To provide (animals) with water for drinking.	To urinate onto.	To wet and calender, as cloth, so as to impart to it a lustrous appearance in wavy lines; to diversify with wavelike lines.	To wet or supply with water; to moisten; to overflow with water; to irrigate.
party	noun	A decision, resolution, agreement.	A detachment of troops selected for a particular service or duty.	A gathering of acquaintances so that one of them may offer items for sale to the rest of them.	A group of characters controlled by the player.	A group of people forming one side in a given dispute, contest, etc., or united in maintaining a cause, policy, or opinion in opposition to others; a faction.	A group of people gathered together, especially temporarily, for a specific purpose such as travel or sport.	A part or portion.	A person or group of people constituting one side in a legal proceeding, such as in a legal action or a contract.	A person; an individual.	A political group considered as a formal whole, usually organized on a national basis, which contests elections and aims to form or take part in a government; a political party.	A prospective partner or an offer of marriage.	A small group of birds or mammals.	A social gathering, usually of invited guests, which typically involves eating, drinking, and entertainment and often held to celebrate a particular occasion.	Active player characters organized into a single group.	The Communist Party, especially as the sole political party of a communist state.	The feeling of solidarity with and support for one's political party; partisanship, especially in political matters.	With to: someone who takes part in an action or affair; an accessory.
party	verb	To celebrate at a party, to have fun, to enjoy oneself.	To engage in flings, to have one-night stands, to sow one's wild oats.	To form a party (with).	To take recreational drugs.
party	adv	Partly.
party	adj	Divided into parts of different tinctures, usually equal, and especially following the lines of one of the ordinaries.	Divided; in part.	Favoring one party; partisan.	Shared by two properties and serving to divide them.
sleep	verb	To accommodate in beds.	To be careless, inattentive, or unconcerned; not to be vigilant; to live thoughtlessly.	To be dead.	To be, or appear to be, in repose; to be quiet; to be unemployed, unused, or unagitated; to rest; to lie dormant.	To cause (a spinning top or yo-yo) to spin on its axis with no other perceptible motion.	To have sexual intercourse (see sleep with).	To place into a state of hibernation.	To rest in a state of reduced consciousness.	To spin on its axis with no other perceptible motion.	To wait for a period of time without performing any action.
sleep	noun	A night.	A state of plants, usually at night, when their leaflets approach each other and the flowers close and droop, or are covered by the folded leaves.	An act or instance of sleeping.	Rheum, crusty or gummy discharge found in the corner of the eyes after waking, whether real or a figurative objectification of sleep (in the sense of reduced consciousness).	The hibernation of animals.	The state of reduced consciousness during which a human or animal rests in a daily rhythm.
show	verb	To be visible; to be seen; to appear.	To bestow; to confer.	To display, to have somebody see (something).	To finish third, especially of horses or dogs.	To guide or escort.	To have a certain appearance, such as well or ill, fit or unfit; to become or suit; to appear.	To have an enlarged belly and thus be recognizable as pregnant.	To indicate (a fact) to be true; to demonstrate.	To put in an appearance; show up.	To reveal one's hand of cards.
show	noun	A battle; local conflict.	A broadcast program, especially a light entertainment program.	A demonstration.	A discharge, from the vagina, of mucus streaked with blood, occurring a short time before labor.	A movie.	A pale blue flame at the top of a candle flame, indicating the presence of firedamp.	A play, dance, or other entertainment.	A project or presentation.	An agricultural exhibition.	An exhibition of items.	Mere display or pomp with no substance. (Usually seen in the phrases "all show" and "for show".)	Outward appearance; wileful or deceptive appearance.	Plausibility.	Pretence.	Semblance; likeness; appearance.	Sign, token, or indication.	Synonym of shive (“wood fragment of the husk of flax or hemp”).	The major leagues.
idea	noun	A conception in the mind of something to be done; a plan for doing something, an intention.	A musical theme or melodic subject.	A purposeful aim or goal; intent	A vague or fanciful notion; a feeling or hunch; an impression.	An abstract archetype of a given thing, compared to which real-life examples are seen as imperfect approximations; pure essence, as opposed to actual examples.	An image of an object that is formed in the mind or recalled by the memory.	More generally, any result of mental activity; a thought, a notion; a way of thinking.	The conception of someone or something as representing a perfect example; an ideal.	The form or shape of something; a quintessential aspect or characteristic.
while	noun	An uncertain duration of time, a period of time.	An uncertain long period of time	an uncertain short moment
while	conj	Although.	As long as.	During the same time that.	Until.	Used to denote a person experiencing racial profiling when performing a seemingly benign activity.
while	prep	Until.
while	verb	Alternative spelling or misspelling of wile.	To elapse, to pass.	To occupy or entertain (someone) in order to let time pass.	To pass (time) idly.
country	noun	A rural area, as opposed to a town or city; the countryside.	An area of land of indefinite extent or of more or less definite extent in relation to human occupation, especially characterized by its particular physical features, or its suitability for a particular activity or connected with its population (by race, dialect, culture, etc.) or a person, especially a writer, or their works.	An area of land of undefined extent; a region, a district.	Ellipsis of country music.	The inhabitants or people of a district, region, or nation; the populace, the public.	The rock through which a vein of ore or coal runs.	The spirit of the country (rural places): the spirit of country folkways; those folkways.	The territory of a nation; a sovereign state or a region once independent and still distinct in institutions, language, etc.	Traditional lands of Indigenous people with embedded cultural, spiritual, cosmological, ecological, and physical attributes and values.
country	adj	From or in the countryside, connected with it, or typical of it.	Of or connected to country music.	Originating in India rather than being imported from abroad.
morning	noun	That part of the day from dawn until the main meal (typically in late afternoon).	The early part of anything.	The early part of the day, especially from midnight to noon.	The first alcoholic drink of the day; a morning draught.
morning	intj	Ellipsis of good morning.
woman	noun	A female attendant or servant.	A female person who is extremely fond of or devoted to a specified type of thing. (Used as the last element of a compound.)	A female person, usually an adult: a (generally adult) female sentient being, whether human, supernatural, elf, alien, etc.	A wife (or sometimes a fiancée or girlfriend).	All female humans collectively; womankind.	An adult female human.
woman	verb	To call (a person) "woman" in a disrespectful fashion.	To furnish with, or unite to, a woman.	To make effeminate or womanish.	To staff with female labor.
own	adj	Belonging to; possessed; acquired; proper to; property of; titled to; held in one's name; under/using the name of. Often marks a possessive determiner as reflexive, referring back to the subject of the clause or sentence.	Not foreign.	Not shared.	Peculiar, domestic.
own	verb	To admit, concede, grant, allow, acknowledge, confess; not to deny.	To admit; concede; acknowledge.	To be very good.	To claim as one's own.	To confess.	To defeat or embarrass; to overwhelm.	To defeat, dominate, or be above.	To have recognized political sovereignty over a place, territory, as distinct from the ordinary connotation of property ownership.	To have rightful possession of (property, goods or capital); to have legal title to; to acquire a property or asset.	To illicitly obtain superuser or root access to a computer system, thereby having access to all of the user files on that system.	To proudly acknowledge; to not be ashamed or embarrassed of.	To recognise; acknowledge.	To take responsibility for.	To virtually or figuratively enslave.
own	noun	A crushing insult.
kind	noun	A makeshift or otherwise atypical specimen.	A type, race or category; a group of entities that have common characteristics such that they may be grouped together.	Each of the two elements of the communion service, bread and wine.	Equivalent means used as response to an action.	Family, lineage.	Food in a particular category.	Goods or services used as payment, as e.g. in barter.	Manner.	One's inherent nature; character, natural disposition.	The type of a type constructor or a higher-order type operator.
kind	adj	Affectionate.	Characteristic of the species; belonging to one's nature; natural; native.	Favorable.	Gentle; tractable; easily governed.	Having a benevolent, courteous, friendly, generous, gentle, liberal, sympathetic, or warm-hearted nature or disposition, marked by consideration for – and service to – others.	Mild, gentle, forgiving
might	noun	Physical strength or force.	Power, strength, force, or influence held by a person or group.	The ability to do something.
might	adj	Mighty; powerful.	Possible.
might	verb	Used concessively to admit something before making a more accurate or important statement; although	Used in polite requests for permission.	Used to express certainty.	Used to indicate a desired past action that was not done.	Used to indicate conditional or possible actions; would perhaps/maybe.	simple past of may
young	adj	At an early stage of existence or development; having recently come into existence.	Early. (of a decade of life)	Having little experience; inexperienced; unpracticed; ignorant; weak.	In the early part of growth or life; born not long ago.	Junior (of two related people with the same name).	Of or belonging to the early part of life.	Youthful; having the look or qualities of a young person.	advanced in age; (far towards or) at a specified stage of existence or age.
young	noun	Offspring, especially the immature offspring of animals.
young	verb	To become or seem to become younger.	To cause to appear younger.	To exhibit younging.
open	adj	Able to be used or interacted with in some way.	Able to have something pass through or along it.	Actively conducting or prepared to conduct business.	Allowing entrance to visitors or the public.	Available for use or operation.	Characterised by free-flowing play.	Composed of a single slice of bread with a topping.	Ending in a vowel; not having a coda.	Having a free variable.	Having component words separated by spaces, as opposed to being joined together or hyphenated; for example, time slot as opposed to timeslot or time-slot.	Having different first and last vertices.	In a position allowing fluid to flow.	In a position such that a circuit is not completed, preventing electricity from flowing.	In current use; connected to as a resource.	Made public, usable with a free licence and without proprietary components.	Not completed or finalised.	Not concealed; overt.	Not covered, sealed, etc.; having an opening or aperture showing what is inside.	Not fulfilled or resolved; incomplete.	Not having one end joined to the other; not forming a closed loop.	Not hidden or restricted.	Not of a quality to prevent communication, as by closing waterways, blocking roads, etc.; hence, not frosty or inclement; mild; used of the weather or the climate.	Not physically drawn together, folded or contracted.	Not settled; not decided or determined; not withdrawn from consideration.	Of a club, bat or other hitting implement, angled upwards and/or (for a right-hander) clockwise of straight.	Of a note, played without closing any finger-hole, key or valve.	Of a note, played without pressing the string against the fingerboard.	Of a person, not concealing their feelings, opinions, etc.; candid, ingenuous.	Of a space, free of objects and obstructions.	Of a tournament or competition, allowing anyone to enter, especially or originally irrespective of professional or amateur status.	Physically unobstructed, uncovered, etc.	Public.	Receptive.	Resulting from an incision, puncture or any other process by which the skin no longer protects an internal part of the body.	Running.	Source code of a computer program that is not within the text of a macro being generated.	Susceptible or vulnerable (to the stated means).	Unlocked or unlatched but not physically open.	Uttered with a relatively wide opening of the articulating organs; said of vowels.	Uttered, as a consonant, with the oral passage simply narrowed without closure.	Which is part of a predefined collection of subsets of X, that defines a topological space on X.	With open access, of open science, or both.	Written or sent with the intention that it may made public or referred to at any trial, rather than by way of confidential private negotiation for a settlement.
open	verb	Of an event, activity etc., to start or get underway.	To angle (a club, bat or other hitting implement) upwards and/or (for a right-hander) clockwise of straight.	To begin a side's innings as one of the first two batsmen.	To bet before any other player has in a particular betting round in a game of poker.	To bring up, broach.	To cause or allow a gap to form or widen.	To connect to a resource (a file, document, etc.) for viewing or editing.	To disclose; to reveal; to interpret; to explain.	To enter upon, begin.	To make (a bed) ready for a patient by folding back the bedcovers.	To make an open relationship or marriage, i.e., with possible additional relationships.	To make or become accessible or clear for passage by moving from a shut position.	To make or become accessible to customers, clients or visitors.	To make or become available for use or interaction.	To make or become clear by removal of objects and obstructions, so as to allow passage, access, or visibility.	To make or become operative or available.	To make or become physically unobstructed, uncovered, etc.	To make or become receptive or susceptible (to something).	To move to a position allowing fluid to flow.	To move to a position preventing electricity from flowing.	To precede another as a performer at a concert or show.	To reveal one's hand.	To spread; to expand into a wider or looser position.	To start (an event or activity) as the first performer or actor.	To start or begin.	To start running (a program or application, especially one with a screen-based interface).	To turn on; to switch on.	To unseal or uncover, or become unsealed or uncovered.
open	noun	A defect in an electrical circuit preventing current from flowing.	A sports event in which anybody can compete, especially or originally irrespective of amateur or professional status.	Open or unobstructed space; an exposed location.	Public knowledge or scrutiny; full view.	The act of something being opened, such as an e-mail message.
already	adv	An intensifier used to emphasize impatience or express exasperation.	Indicates action completion (perfective aspect).	Marks a change in state (inchoative aspect).	Prior to some specified time, either past, present, or future; by this time; previously.	So soon.
same	adj	A reply of confirmation of identity.	Lacking variety from; indistinguishable.	Not different or other; not another or others; not different as regards self; selfsame; identical.	Similar, alike.	Used to express the unity of an object or person which has various different descriptions or qualities.
same	adv	The same way; in the same manner; to the same extent, equally.	Together.
same	pron	It or them, as above, meaning the last object mentioned, mainly as complement: on the same, for the same.	It or them, without a connotation of similarity.	Something similar, something of the identical type.	The identical thing, ditto.
same	intj	Indicates approval or agreement with the previous material, especially in reference to the previous speaker's viewpoint.
often	adv	Frequently; many times on different occasions.
often	adj	Frequent.
wrong	adj	Asserting something incorrect or untrue.	Designed to be worn or placed inward	Immoral, not good, bad.	Improper; unfit; unsuitable.	Incorrect or untrue.	Not working; out of order.	Twisted; wry.
wrong	adv	In a way that isn't right; incorrectly, wrongly.
wrong	noun	An instance of wronging someone (sometimes with possessive to indicate the wrongdoer).	Something that is immoral or not good.	The incorrect or unjust position or opinion.	The opposite of right; the concept of badness.
wrong	verb	To deprive of some right, or to withhold some act of justice.	To slander; to impute evil to unjustly.	To treat unjustly; to injure or harm; to do wrong by.
student	noun	A person who is enrolled at a college or university (as contrasted with a pupil or schoolchild attending a primary or secondary school).	A person who is formally enrolled at a school, a college or university, or another educational institution.	A person who studies or learns about a particular subject.
mind	noun	A healthy mental state.	Attention, consideration or thought.	Continual prayer on a dead person's behalf for a period after their death.	Desire, inclination, or intention.	Judgment, opinion, or view.	Somebody that embodies certain mental qualities.	The ability to be aware of things.	The ability to focus the thoughts.	The ability to remember things.	The capability for rational thought.	The non-material substance or set of processes in which consciousness, perception, affectivity, judgement, thinking, and will are based.
mind	verb	Take note; used to point out an exception or caveat.	To be careful about.	To bring or recall to mind; to remember; bear or keep in mind.	To dislike, to object to; to be bothered by.	To look after, to take care of, especially for a short period of time.	To pay attention or heed to so as to obey; hence to obey; to make sure, to take care (that).	To pay attention to, in the sense of occupying one's mind with, to heed.	To purpose, intend, plan.	To regard with attention; to treat as of consequence.	To remember.	To remind; put one's mind on.	To turn one's mind to; to observe; to notice.
teacher	noun	A person who teaches, especially one employed in a school; preceptor.	An indication; a lesson.	The index finger; the forefinger.	The second highest office in the Aaronic priesthood, held by priesthood holders of at least the age of 14.
answer	noun	A document filed in response to a complaint, responding to each point raised in the complaint and raising counterpoints.	A response or reply; something said or done in reaction to a statement or question.	A solution to a problem.	Someone or something that fills a similar role or position.
answer	verb	To atone for; to be punished for.	To be accountable or responsible; to make amends.	To be opposite, or to act in opposition.	To be or act as an equivalent to, or as adequate or sufficient for; to serve for; to repay.	To be or act in compliance with, in fulfillment or satisfaction of, as an order, obligation, or demand.	To be or act in conformity, or by way of accommodation, correspondence, relation, or proportion; to conform; to correspond; to suit; usually with to.	To correspond to; to be in harmony with; to be in agreement with.	To file a document in response to a complaint.	To make a reply or response to.	To render account to or for.	To respond to a call by someone at a door or telephone, or other similar piece of equipment.	To respond to satisfactorily; to meet successfully by way of explanation, argument, or justification; to refute.	To speak in defence against; to reply to in defence.	To suit a need or purpose satisfactorily.
few	det	(US?) Having a 10 percent chance of measurable precipitation (0.01 inch); used interchangeably with isolated.	An indefinite, but usually small, number of.	Not many; a small (in comparison with another number stated or implied) but somewhat indefinite number of.	Obscuring one to two oktas (eighths) of the sky.
few	pron	Few people, few things.
fall	verb	To assume a look of shame or disappointment; to become or appear dejected; said of the face.	To be allotted to; to arrive through chance, fate, or inheritance.	To be brought to the ground.	To be dropped or uttered carelessly.	To be moved downwards.	To become ensnared or entrapped; to be worse off than before.	To become lower (in quantity, pitch, etc.).	To become.	To begin with haste, ardour, or vehemence; to rush or hurry.	To bring forth.	To change, often negatively.	To collapse; to be overthrown or defeated.	To come as if by dropping down.	To come down, to drop or descend.	To come to the ground deliberately, to prostrate oneself.	To descend in character or reputation; to become degraded; to sink into vice, error, or sin.	To die, especially in battle or by disease.	To diminish; to lessen or lower.	To fell; to cut down.	To hang down (under the influence of gravity).	To happen; to come to pass; to chance or light (upon).	To issue forth into life; to be brought forth; said of the young of certain animals.	To let fall; to drop.	To move downwards.	To move to a lower position under the effect of gravity.	To occur (on a certain day of the week, date, or similar); to happen.	To sink; to depress.	To visit; to go to a place.
fall	noun	A crucial event or circumstance.	A defect in the ice which causes stones thrown into an area to drift in a given direction.	A hairpiece for women consisting of long strands of hair on a woven backing, intended primarily to cover hair loss.	A loss of greatness or status.	A reduction in quantity, pitch, etc.	A short, flexible piece of leather forming part of a bullwhip, placed between the thong and the cracker.	An instance of a wrestler being pinned to the mat.	An old Scots unit of measure equal to six ells.	Blame or punishment for a failure or misdeed.	That which falls or cascades.	The act of moving to a lower position under the effect of gravity.	The action of a batsman being out.	The chasing of a hunted whale.	The height of that which falls or cascades.	The lid, on a piano, that covers the keyboard.	The part of the rope of a tackle to which the power is applied in hoisting (usu. plural).	The time of the year when the leaves typically fall from the trees; autumn; the season of the year between the autumnal equinox and the winter solstice.
fall	intj	The cry given when a whale is sighted, or harpooned.
rain	noun	An instance of particles or larger pieces of matter moving or falling through air.	Any matter moving or falling, usually through air, and especially if liquid or otherwise figuratively identifiable with raindrops.	Condensed water falling from a cloud.
rain	verb	Obsolete form of reign.	To fall as or like rain.	To have rain fall from the sky.	To issue (something) in large quantities.
forget	verb	Euphemism for fuck, screw (a mild oath).	To cease remembering.	To lose remembrance of.	To not realize something (regardless of whether one has ever known it).	To unintentionally leave something behind.	To unintentionally not do, neglect.
yet	adv	At some future time; eventually.	Even.	In addition.	In affirmative use: still.	In negative imperative use, asking for an action to be delayed.	In negative or interrogative use, often with an expectation or potential of something happening in the future.	Not as of the time referenced.	Thus far; up to the present; up to some unspecified time.
yet	conj	Nevertheless; however; but; despite that.
yet	verb	To get.	To melt; found; cast (e.g. metal, by pouring it into a mould when molten).	To pour.
yet	noun	A metal pan or boiler; yetling.
each	det	All; every; qualifying a singular noun, indicating all examples of the thing so named seen as individual or separate items (compare every).
each	adv	For one; apiece; per.	Individually; separately; used in a sentence with a plural subject to indicate that the action or state described by the verb applies to all members of the described group individually, rather than collectively to the entire group.
each	pron	Every one/thing individually or one by one.
each	noun	An individual item: the least quantitative unit in a grouping.
able	adj	Capable of performing all the requisite duties; as an able seaman.	Easy to use.	Free from constraints preventing completion of task; permitted to; not prevented from.	Gifted with skill, intelligence, knowledge, or competence.	Having the necessary powers or the needed resources to accomplish a task.	Having the physical strength; robust; healthy.	Legally qualified or competent.	Liable to.	Rich; well-to-do.	Suitable; competent.
able	verb	To dress.	To give power to; to reinforce; to confirm.	To make capable; to enable.	To make ready.	To vouch for; to guarantee.	present participle and gerund of can
able	noun	The letter "A" in Navy Phonetic Alphabet.
train	noun	A clue or trace.	A group of animals, vehicles, or people that follow one another in a line, such as a wagon train; a caravan or procession.	A group of people following an important figure such as a king or noble; a retinue, a group of retainers.	A group or class of people.	A live bird, handicapped or disabled in some way, provided for a young hawk to kill as training or enticement.	A long, heavy sleigh used in Canada for the transportation of merchandise, wood, etc.	A lure; a decoy.	A mechanical (originally steam-powered, now typically diesel or electrical) vehicle carrying a large number of passengers and freight along a designated track or path; a line of connected wagons considered overall as a mode of transport; (as uncountable noun) rail or road travel.	A sequence of events or ideas which are interconnected; a course or procedure of something.	A series of electrical pulses.	A series of specified vehicles (originally tramcars in a mine as usual, later especially railway carriages) coupled together.	A service on a railway line.	A set of interconnected mechanical parts which operate each other in sequence.	A set of things, events, or circumstances that follow after or as a consequence; aftermath, wake.	A software release schedule.	A trail or line of something, especially gunpowder.	A transient trail of glowing ions behind a large meteor as it falls through the atmosphere or accompanying a comet as it nears the sun; tail.	A trap for animals, a snare; (figuratively) a trap in general.	A trick or stratagem.	An act wherein series of men line up and then penetrate a person, especially as a form of gang rape.	An animal's trail or track.	Connected sequence of people or things.	Elongated or trailing portion.	Gait or manner of running of a horse.	Something dragged or laid along the ground to form a trail of scent or food along which to lure an animal.	State of progress, status, situation (in phrases introduced by in a + adjective); also proper order or situation (introduced by in or in a alone).	The elongated back portion of a dress or skirt (or an ornamental piece of material added to similar effect), which drags along the ground.	The elongated body or form of something narrow and winding, such as the course of a river or the body of a snake.	The men and vehicles following an army, which carry artillery and other equipment for battle or siege.	The tail of a bird.	The tail of an animal in general.	Treachery; deceit.	train oil, whale oil
train	verb	To be on intimate terms with.	To create a trainer (cheat patch) for; to apply cheats to (a game).	To draw (something) along; to trail, to drag (something).	To draw by persuasion, artifice, or the like; to attract by stratagem; to entice; to allure.	To encourage (a plant or branch) to grow in a particular direction or shape, usually by pruning and bending.	To feed data into an algorithm, usually based on a neural network, to create a machine learning model that can perform some task.	To improve one's fitness.	To move (a gun) laterally so that it points in a different direction.	To practice an ability.	To proceed in sequence.	To teach and form (someone) by practice; to educate (someone).	To trace (a lode or any mineral appearance) to its head.	To trail down or along the ground.	To transport (something) by train.
beautiful	adj	Affording pleasure to any of the senses, especially that of hearing; delightful.	Impressing with charm in an intellectual or moral way, through inherent suitability or elegance.	Possessing beauty, impressing the eye; attractive.	That one likes very much.	Used emphatically or ironically, after the noun it qualifies.
beautiful	noun	Someone who is beautiful. Can be used as a term of address.
stand	verb	Of a ship or its captain, to steer, sail (in a specified direction, for a specified destination etc.).	To act as an umpire.	To appear in court.	To be a candidate (in an election).	To be consistent; to agree; to accord.	To be in some particular state; to have essence or being; to be; to consist.	To be placed in an upright or vertical orientation.	To be positioned to gain or lose.	To be present, to have welled up.	To cover the expense of; to pay for.	To have or maintain a position, order, or rank; to be in a particular relation.	To maintain an invincible or permanent attitude; to be fixed, steady, or firm; to take a position in resistance or opposition.	To maintain one's ground; to be acquitted; not to fail or yield; to be safe.	To measure when erect on the feet.	To occupy or hold a place; to be set, placed, fixed, located, or situated.	To oppose, usually as a team, in competition.	To place in an upright or standing position.	To position or be positioned mentally:	To position or be positioned physically:	To position or be positioned socially:	To remain motionless.	To remain valid.	To remain without ruin or injury.	To rise to one’s feet; to stand up.	To stop asking for more cards; to keep one's hand as it has been dealt so far.	To support oneself on the feet in an erect position.	To tolerate.	To undergo; withstand; hold up.
stand	noun	A container which stands upright, such as a barrel or cask.	A contiguous group of trees sufficiently uniform in age-class distribution, composition, and structure, and growing on a site of sufficiently uniform quality, to be a distinguishable unit.	A defensive position or effort.	A designated spot where someone or something may stand or wait.	A device to hold something upright or aloft.	A location or position where one may stand.	A particular grove or other group of trees or shrubs.	A partnership.	A period of performance in a given location or venue.	A resolute, unwavering position; firm opinion; action for a purpose in the face of opposition.	A single set, as of arms.	A small building, booth, or stage, as in a bandstand or hamburger stand.	A standstill, a motionless state, as of someone confused, or a hunting dog who has found game.	A state of perplexity or embarrassment.	A weight of from two hundred and fifty to three hundred pounds, used in weighing pitch.	A young tree, usually reserved when other trees are cut; also, a tree growing or standing upon its own root, in distinction from one produced from a scion set in a stock, either of the same or another kind of tree.	An advertisement filling an entire billboard, comprising many sheets of paper.	An area of raised seating for waiters at the stock exchange.	Ellipsis of tavern stand (“a roadside inn”).	Grandstand. (often in the plural)	Rank; post; station; standing.	The act of standing.	The platform on which a witness testifies in court; the witness stand or witness box.	The situation of a shop, store, hotel, etc.
another	det	Any or some other, similar in likeness or in effect, instead.	Not the same; different.	One more further, in addition to the quantity by then; a second or additional one, similar in likeness or in effect.
another	pron	An additional one of the same kind.	One of a group of things of the same kind.	One that is different from the current one.
bring	verb	To occasion or bring about.	To persuade; to induce; to draw; to lead; to guide.	To pitch, often referring to a particularly hard thrown fastball.	To produce in exchange; to sell for; to fetch.	To raise (a lawsuit, charges, etc.) against somebody.	To supply or contribute.	To transport toward somebody/somewhere.
bring	intj	The sound of a telephone ringing.
mean	verb	Of a person (or animal etc): to intend to express, to imply, to hint at, to allude.	Of a word, symbol etc: to have reference to, to signify.	To be of some level of importance.	To cause or produce (a given result); to bring about (a given result).	To convey (a given sense); to signify, or indicate (an object or idea).	To convey (a meaning).	To have as intentions of a given kind.	To have conviction in (something said or expressed); to be sincere in (what one says).	To intend (something) for a given purpose or fate; to predestine.	To intend an ensuing comment or statement as an explanation.	To intend, to plan (to do); to have as one's intention.	To intend.	To lament.
mean	adj	Accomplished with great skill; deft; hard to compete with.	Common; general.	Difficult, tricky.	Disobliging; pettily offensive or unaccommodating.	Having the mean (see noun below) as its value; average.	Hearty; spicy.	Intending to cause harm, successfully or otherwise; bearing ill will towards another.	Low in quality or degree; inferior; poor; shabby.	Middling; intermediate; moderately good, tolerable.	Of a common or low origin, grade, or quality; common; humble.	Of little value or worth; worthy of little or no regard; contemptible; despicable.	Powerful; fierce; strong.	Ungenerous; stingy; tight-fisted.	Without dignity of mind; destitute of honour; low-minded; spiritless; base.
mean	noun	A method or course of action used to achieve some result.	An intermediate step or intermediate steps.	Any function of multiple variables that satisfies certain properties and yields a number representative of its arguments; or, the number so yielded; a measure of central tendency.	Either of the two numbers in the middle of a conventionally presented proportion, as 2 and 3 in 1:2=3:6.	Something which is intermediate or in the middle; an intermediate value or range of values; a medium.	The average of a set of values, calculated by summing them together and dividing by the number of terms.	The middle part of three-part polyphonic music; now specifically, the alto part in polyphonic music; an alto instrument.
once	adv	At any time; ever.	Formerly; during some period in the past.	Multiplied by one: indicating that a number is multiplied by one.	One and only one time.	One day, someday.
once	conj	As soon as; when; after.
once	noun	Obsolete form of ounce.
remember	verb	Alternative form of re-member.	To commemorate, to have a remembrance ceremony.	To convey greetings from.	To engage in the process of recalling memories.	To give (a person) money as a token of appreciation of past service or friendship.	To keep in mind; to be mindful of.	To memorize; to put something into memory.	To not forget (to do something required)	To put in mind; to remind (also used reflexively).	To recall from one's memory; to have an image in one's memory.
wish	noun	A desire, hope, or longing for something or for something to happen.	A water meadow.	An expression of such a desire, often connected with ideas of magic and supernatural power.	The thing desired or longed for.
wish	verb	To bestow (a thought or gesture) towards (someone or something).	To desire; to want.	To hope (+ object clause with may or in present subjunctive).	To hope (for a particular outcome), even if that outcome is unlikely to occur or cannot occur.	To recommend; to seek confidence or favour on behalf of.	To request or desire to do an activity.
finish	noun	A finishing touch; careful elaboration; polish.	A protective coating given to wood or metal and other surfaces.	A shot on goal, especially one that ends in a goal.	An end; the end of anything.	The ending of a match and its structure.	The result of any process changing the physical or chemical properties of cloth.
finish	verb	To apply a treatment to (a surface or similar).	To change an animal's food supply in the months before it is due for slaughter, with the intention of fattening the animal.	To come to an end.	To complete (something).	To put an end to; to destroy.	To reach orgasm.
himself	pron	He; used as an intensifier, often to emphasize that the referent is the exclusive participant in the predicate	Him; the male object of a verb or preposition that also appears as the subject	The subject or non-reflexive object of a predicate; he (used of upper-class gentlemen, or sarcastically, of men who imagine themselves to be more important than others)	The subject or non-reflexive object of a predicate; he himself.
eye	noun	A brood.	A burner on a kitchen stove.	A fitting consisting of a loop of metal or other material, suitable for receiving a hook or the passage of a cord or line.	A hole at the blunt end of a needle through which thread is passed.	A loop forming part of anything, or a hole through anything, to receive a hook, pin, rope, shaft, etc.; for example, at the end of a tie bar in a bridge truss, through a crank, at the end of a rope, or through a millstone.	A mark on an animal, such as a butterfly or peacock, resembling a human eye.	A meaningful look or stare.	A reproductive bud in a potato.	A shade of colour; a tinge.	An empty point or group of points surrounded by one player's stones.	An organ through which animals see (“perceive surroundings via light”).	Attention, notice.	Ellipsis of private eye.	One of the holes in certain kinds of cheese.	Opinion, view.	Synonym of pit-eye.	That which resembles the eye in relative beauty or importance.	The ability to notice what others might miss.	The circle in the centre of a volute.	The dark brown centre of a black-eyed Susan flower.	The dark spot on a black-eyed pea.	The enclosed counter (“negative space”) of the lower-case letter e.	The foremost part of a ship's bows; the hawseholes.	The iris of the eye, being of a specified colour.	The name of the Latin-script letter I/i.	The oval hole of an axehead through which the axehandle is fitted.	The relatively calm and clear centre of a hurricane or other cyclonic storm.	The visual sense.
eye	verb	To allow (fish eggs) to develop so that the black eye spots are visible.	To appear; to look.	To carefully or appraisingly observe (someone or something).	To remove the reproductive buds from (potatoes).
everyone	pron	Every person.
wear	verb	(in the phrase "wearing on (someone)") To cause annoyance, irritation, fatigue, or weariness near the point of an exhaustion of patience.	To bear or display in one's aspect or appearance.	To bring (a sailing vessel) onto the other tack by bringing the wind around the stern (as opposed to tacking when the wind is brought around the bow); to come round on another tack by turning away from the wind.	To carry or have equipped on or about one's body, as an item of clothing, equipment, decoration, etc.	To conduct or guide with care or caution, as into a fold or place of safety.	To defend; protect.	To eat away at, erode, diminish, or consume gradually; to cause a gradual deterioration in; to produce (some change) through attrition, exposure, or constant use.	To endure:	To erode:	To exhaust, fatigue, expend, or weary.	To guard; watch; keep watch, especially from entry or invasion.	To have on:	To have or carry on one's person habitually, consistently; or, to maintain in a particular fashion or manner.	To last or remain durable under hard use or over time; to retain usefulness, value, or desirable qualities under any continued strain or long period of time; sometimes said of a person, regarding the quality of being easy or difficult to tolerate.	To overcome one's reluctance and endure a (previously specified) situation.	To pass slowly, gradually or tediously.	To undergo gradual deterioration; become impaired; be reduced or consumed gradually due to any continued process, activity, or use.	To ward off; prevent from approaching or entering; drive off; repel.
wear	noun	Clothing.	Damage to the appearance and/or strength of an item caused by use over time.	Dated form of weir.	Fashion.	Wearing.
marry	verb	To arrange for the marriage of; to give away as wife or husband.	To enter into marriage with one another.	To enter into the conjugal or connubial state; to take a husband or a wife.	To join (two ropes) end to end so that both will pass through a block.	To join or connect. See also marry up.	To place (two ropes) alongside each other so that they may be grasped and hauled on at the same time.	To take as husband or wife.	To unite in wedlock or matrimony; to perform the ceremony of joining spouses; to bring about a marital union according to the laws or customs of a place.	To unite; to join together into a close union.
marry	intj	A term of asseveration: indeed!, in truth!
through	prep	Along the course of; used in expressions of progress towards the end of something.	Amidst or surrounded by (while moving).	By means of.	By way of (a physical passage).	By way of (an intermediary, agent, medium, etc.).	From one side of (an opening) to the other.	From one side or end of (something) to the other.	In consequence of; as a result of.	Indicating that something has been consumed or used up.	So as to enter (something), pass within or across, and then leave.	So as to progress within (something) or towards the end or limit of (something).	Throughout or across the extent of.	Throughout the duration of.	To (or up to) and including, with all intermediate values; to... inclusive; until the end of.	To or beyond the other side of (an obstacle); past.	Via or by way of.
through	adj	(usually followed by "to") Able to progress (to the next stage or a higher level) following success in an exam, sports match, etc.	Along the course of a task etc.; used in expressions of progress towards the end.	Finished; complete.	In possession of the ball beyond the last line of defence but not necessarily the goalkeeper; through on goal.	No longer interested; wearied or turned off by experience.	Passing from one side of something to the other.	Proceeding from origin to destination without the need to change transport vehicle.	Without a future; done for.
through	adv	By way of an opening.	By way of the interior.	From beginning to end, or from the present position to the end.	From one side of something to the other.	So as to connect or reach.	So as to overcome an obstacle and pass beyond it; past.	So as to pass a stage in a process and proceed to the next stage or level.	Throughout something; all the way across or into.
through	noun	A coffin, sarcophagus or tomb of stone; a large slab of stone laid on a tomb, or in a dry-stone wall from one side to the other; a perpend.
care	noun	Close attention; concern; responsibility.	Grief, sorrow.	Maintenance, upkeep.	The object of watchful attention or anxiety.	The state of being cared for by others.	The treatment of those in need (especially as a profession).	Worry.
care	verb	(with for) To look after or look out for.	To be affected by, to treat as relevant for a subsequent course of action.	To be concerned (about), to have an interest (in); to feel concern (about).	To mind; to object.	To want, to desire; to like; to be inclined towards or interested in.
matter	noun	(The) inducing cause or reason, especially of anything disagreeable or distressing.	A kind of substance.	An affair, condition, or subject, especially one of concern or (especially when preceded by the) one that is problematic.	An approximate amount or extent.	Anything with mass and volume.	Aristotelian: undeveloped potentiality subject to change and development; formlessness. Matter receives form, and becomes substance.	Essence; pith; embodiment.	Importance.	Legal services provided by a lawyer or firm to their client in relation to a particular issue.	Material; substance.	Matter made up of normal particles, not antiparticles.	Printed material, especially in books or magazines.	Pus.
matter	verb	To be important.	To care about, to mind; to find important.	To form pus or matter, as an abscess; to maturate.
early	adj	After but close to the start of a period of time.	Arriving a time before expected; sooner than on time.	At a time in advance of the usual or expected event.	Having begun to occur; in its early stages.	In the starting hours of the day.	Of a star or class of stars, hotter than the sun.
early	noun	A shift (scheduled work period) that takes place early in the day.
early	adv	At a time before expected; sooner than usual.	Soon; in good time; seasonably.
cold	adj	Affecting the sense of smell (as of hunting dogs) only feebly; having lost its odour.	Causing the air to be cold.	Chilled, filled with an uncomfortable sense of fear, dread, or alarm.	Completely unprepared; without introduction.	Cool, impressive.	Cornered; done for.	Dispassionate; not prejudiced or partisan; impartial.	Distant; said, in the game of hunting for some object, of a seeker remote from the thing concealed. Compare warm and hot.	Feeling the sensation of coldness, especially to the point of discomfort.	Having a bluish effect; not warm in colour.	Having a low temperature.	Not loaded with a round of live ammunition.	Not pungent or acrid.	Not radioactive.	Not sensitive; not acute.	Perfectly, exactly, completely; by heart; down pat.	Rarely used or accessed, and thus able to be relegated to slower storage.	Unconscious or deeply asleep; deprived of the metaphorical heat associated with life or consciousness.	Unexciting; dull; uninteresting.	Unfriendly; emotionally distant or unfeeling.	Without compassion; heartless; ruthless.	Without electrical power being supplied.
cold	noun	A common, usually harmless, usually viral illness, usually with congestion of the nasal passages and sometimes fever.	A condition of low temperature.	A harsh place; a place of abandonment.	Rheum; sleepy dust.
cold	adv	At a low temperature.	In a cold, frank, or realistically honest manner.	Without preparation.
busy	adj	Crowded with business or activities; having a great deal going on.	Engaged in activity or by someone else; bustling.	Having a lot going on; complicated or intricate.	Having much work to do; having much to get done.	Officious; meddling.
busy	noun	A police officer.
busy	verb	To make somebody busy or active; to occupy.
quite	adv	Before a noun preceded by an indefinite article; now often with ironic implications that the noun in question is particularly noteworthy or remarkable.	Before a noun preceded by the definite article.	Coming before the definite article and an attributive superlative.	Coming before the indefinite article and an attributive adjective. (Now largely merged with moderative senses, below.)	In a fully justified sense; truly, perfectly, actually.	Preceding nouns introduced by the indefinite article. Chiefly in negative constructions.	To a moderate extent or degree; somewhat, rather.	To the greatest extent or degree; completely, entirely.	With adverbs of manner.	With attributive adjectives, following an (especially indefinite) article; chiefly as expressing contrast, difference etc.	With plain adjectives, past participles, and adverbs.	With predicative adjectives.	With prepositional or adverbial phrases.	With prepositional phrases and spatial adverbs.	With verbs, especially past participles.
quite	intj	Indicates agreement; exactly so.
quite	noun	A series of passes made with the cape to distract the bull.
then	adv	At that time.	At the same time; on the other hand.	In addition; also; besides.	In that case.	Next in order of place.	Soon afterward.	Used to contradict an assertion.
then	adj	Being so at that time.
then	noun	That time
then	conj	Misspelling of than.	Obsolete spelling of than.
begin	verb	To come into existence.	To start, to initiate or take the first step into something.
begin	noun	Beginning; start.
alone	adj	Apart from, or exclusive of, others.	By oneself, solitary.	Lacking peers who share one's beliefs, experiences, practices, etc.	Mere; consisting of nothing further.	Unique; rare; matchless.
alone	adv	By oneself; apart from, or exclusive of, others; solo.	Focus adverb, typically modifying a noun and occurring immediately after it.	Not permitting anything further; exclusively.	Not requiring anything further; merely.	Used to emphasize the size or extent of something by selecting a subset.	Without outside help.
catch	noun	A concealed difficulty, especially in a deal or negotiation.	A crick; a sudden muscle pain during unaccustomed positioning when the muscle is in use.	A crop which has germinated and begun to grow.	A find, in particular a boyfriend or girlfriend or prospective spouse.	A fragment of music or poetry.	A hesitation in voice, caused by strong emotion.	A player in respect of his catching ability; particularly one who catches well.	A slight remembrance; a trace.	A state of readiness to capture or seize; an ambush.	A stoppage of breath, resembling a slight cough.	A stopping mechanism, especially a clasp which stops something from opening.	A type of humorous round in which the voices gradually catch up with one another; usually sung by men and often having bawdy lyrics.	A type of strong boat, usually having two masts; a ketch.	Passing opportunities seized; snatches.	Something which is captured or caught.	The act of catching a hit ball before it reaches the ground, resulting in an out.	The act of catching an object in motion, especially a ball.	The act of noticing, understanding or hearing.	The act of seizing or capturing.	The first contact of an oar with the water.	The game of catching a ball.	The refrain; a line or lines of a song which are repeated from verse to verse.
catch	verb	To acquire, as though by infection; to take on through sympathy or influence.	To attract and hold (a faculty or organ of sense).	To be held back or impeded.	To be hit by something.	To be the victim of (something unpleasant, painful etc.).	To be touched or affected by (something) through exposure.	To become infected by (an illness).	To become pregnant. (Only in past tense or as participle.)	To capture or snare (someone or something which would rather escape).	To capture, overtake.	To charm or entrance.	To contact a wave in such a way that one can ride it back to shore.	To end a player's innings by catching a hit ball before the first bounce.	To engage with some mechanism; to stick, to succeed in interacting with something or initiating some process.	To entrap or trip up a person; to deceive.	To germinate and set down roots.	To get pregnant.	To grab, seize, take hold of.	To grasp mentally: perceive and understand.	To grip (the water) with one's oars at the beginning of the stroke.	To grip or entangle.	To handle an exception.	To have something be held back or impeded.	To intercept.	To make a grasping or snatching motion (at).	To marry or enter into a similar relationship with.	To notice.	To overtake or catch up to; to be in time for.	To play (a specific period of time) as the catcher.	To reach (someone) with a strike, blow, weapon etc.	To receive (by being in the way).	To receive or be affected by (wind, water, fire etc.).	To reproduce or echo a spirit or idea faithfully.	To seize (an opportunity) when it occurs.	To seize attention, interest.	To seize hold of.	To seize or intercept an object moving through the air (or, sometimes, some other medium).	To serve well or poorly for catching, especially for catching fish.	To spread by infection or similar means.	To spread or be conveyed to.	To take in with one's senses or intellect.	To take in; to watch or listen to (an entertainment).	To take or replenish something necessary, such as breath or sleep.	To travel by means of.	To unpleasantly discover unexpectedly; to unpleasantly surprise (someone doing something).
someone	pron	One or some person of unspecified or indefinite identity.
someone	noun	A partially specified but unnamed person.	An important person.
lie	verb	To abide; to remain for a longer or shorter time; to be in a certain state or condition.	To be mistaken or unintentionally spread false information.	To be placed or situated.	To be still or quiet, like one lying down to rest.	To be sustainable; to be capable of being maintained.	To convey a false image or impression.	To give false information intentionally with intent to deceive.	To lodge; to sleep.	To rest in a horizontal position on a surface.	Used with in: to be or exist; to belong or pertain; to have an abiding place; to consist.	Used with on/upon: to be incumbent (on); to be the responsibility of a person.	Used with with: to have sexual relations with.
lie	noun	A manner of lying; relative position.	A statement intended to deceive, even if literally true.	An animal's lair.	An intentionally false statement; an intentional falsehood.	Anything that misleads or disappoints.	The position of a fetus in the womb.	The terrain and conditions surrounding the ball before it is struck.	The terrain and conditions surrounding the disc before it is thrown.
hes	noun	plural of he
hes	det	Alternative form of his when pronounced as he's; belonging to him.
hes	pron	Alternative form of his when pronounced as he's; that that belongs to him.	The person of unspecified gender previously mentioned or implied.
hes	contraction	Alternative form of he's.
hes	verb	Pronunciation spelling of has, representing dialectal English.
since	adv	From a specified time in the past.
since	prep	At certain points during that period of time.	Continuously during that period of time.	From: referring to a period of time ending in the present and defining it by the point in time at which it started, or the period in which its starting point occurred.
since	conj	Because.	From the time that.	When or that.
food	noun	A foodstuff.	Any illegal substance or illegal substances, drugs.	Any solid substance that can be consumed by living organisms, especially by eating, in order to sustain life.	Anything that nourishes or sustains.
end	noun	A period of play in which each team throws eight rocks, two per player, in alternating fashion.	A purpose, goal, or aim.	An ideal point of a graph or other complex. See End (graph theory)	Death.	Money.	One of the two parts of the ground used as a descriptive name for half of the ground.	One of the yarns of the worsted warp in a Brussels carpet.	Result.	That which is left; a remnant; a fragment; a scrap.	The cessation of an effort, activity, state, or motion.	The most extreme point of an object, especially one that is longer than it is wide.	The position at the end of either the offensive or defensive line, a tight end, a split end, a defensive end.	The terminal point of something in space or time.
end	verb	To come to an end.	To conclude; to bring something to an end.	To finish, terminate.
letter	noun	A division unit of a piece of law marked by a letter of the alphabet.	A single type; type, collectively; a style of type.	A size of paper, 215 mm × 280 mm.	A size of paper, 8½ in × 11 in (215.9 mm × 279.4 mm).	A symbol in an alphabet.	A written or printed communication, generally longer and more formal than a note.	Alternative form of litter.	Clipping of varsity letter.	Literature.	One who lets, or lets out.	One who retards or hinders.	The literal meaning of something, as distinguished from its intended and remoter meaning (the spirit).
letter	verb	To earn a varsity letter (award).	To print, inscribe, or paint letters on something.
close	verb	To angle (a club, bat or other hitting implement) downwards and/or (for a right-hander) anticlockwise of straight.	To become denser or more crowded with objects.	To cancel or reverse (a trading position).	To cease operation or cease to be available.	To cease trading for the day, or permanently.	To come or gather around; to enclose.	To conclude (a sale).	To do the tasks (putting things away, locking doors, etc.) required to prepare a store or other establishment to shut down for the night.	To end or conclude.	To finish.	To finish; to come to an end.	To grapple; to engage in close combat.	To have a vector sum of 0; that is, to form a closed polygon.	To make or become non-operational or unavailable for use.	To make or become unreceptive.	To make the final outs, usually three, of a game.	To move a thing, or part of a thing, nearer to another so that the gap or opening between the two is removed.	To move to a position allowing electricity to flow.	To move to a position preventing fluid from flowing.	To obstruct or block.	To perform as the final act at (a show etc.).	To put out of use or operation.	To remove or block an opening, gap or passage through.	To terminate an application, window, file or database connection, etc.	To turn off; to switch off.
close	noun	A cathedral close.	A double bar marking the end.	A grapple in wrestling.	A street that ends in a dead end.	A very narrow alley between two buildings, often overhung by one of the buildings above the ground floor.	An enclosed field, especially a field enclosed around a (usually religious) building.	An end or conclusion.	The common staircase in a tenement.	The conclusion of a strain of music; cadence.	The interest which one may have in a piece of ground, even though it is not enclosed	The manner of shutting; the union of parts; junction.	The point at the end of a sales pitch when the consumer is asked to buy.	The time when check-in staff will no longer accept passengers for a flight.
close	adj	Accurate; precise.	Adhering strictly to a standard or original; exact or nearly so.	Almost resulting in disaster.	Almost, but not quite (getting to an answer, goal, or other state); near.	Articulated with the tongue body relatively close to the hard palate.	At little distance; near in space or time.	Attentive; undeviating; strict.	Carefully done, detailed.	Closed, shut.	Compressed, restricted, constrained, etc.	Concise; to the point.	Dense; solid; compact.	Difficult to obtain.	Having little difference or distance in place, position, or abstractly; see also close to.	Hot, humid, with no wind.	Intimate or immediate in personal relationship.	Involving a tight connection; involving frequent communication, shared or cooperative activity, etc.	Marked, evident.	Nearly equal; almost evenly balanced; almost exactly matching.	Of a corporation or other business entity, closely held.	Oppressive; without motion or ventilation; causing a feeling of lassitude.	Out of the way of observation; secluded; secret; hidden.	Parsimonious; stingy.	Physically narrow or confined.	Rigorous, careful, etc.	Short.	Strictly confined; carefully guarded.	Tight, with little space separating components or elements.	Tightly restricted in availability.	With its wings at its side, closed, held near to its body (typically also statant); (of wings) in this posture.
close	adv	Carefully, in detail.	In a close manner (limited contexts; more often closely).	In combination (sometimes potentially ambiguous between adverb and adjective).	So as to leave or create little distance or space between objects.
minute	noun	A (usually formal) written record of a meeting or a part of a meeting.	A fixed part of a module.	A nautical or a geographic mile.	A point in time; a moment.	A short but unspecified time period.	A unit of angle equal to one-sixtieth of a degree.	A unit of purchase on a telephone or other similar network, especially a cell phone network, roughly equivalent in gross form to sixty seconds' use of the network.	A unit of time which is one sixtieth of an hour (sixty seconds).	A very small part of anything, or anything very small; a jot; a whit.	A while or a long unspecified period of time.	An old coin, a half farthing.
minute	verb	Of an event, to write in a memo or the minutes of a meeting.	To set down a short sketch or note of; to jot down; to make a minute or a brief summary of.
minute	adj	Very careful and exact, giving small details.	Very small.
brother	noun	A fellow black man.	A form of address to a man.	A male fellow member of a religious community, church, trades union etc.	A male having at least one parent in common with another (see half-brother, stepbrother).	Somebody, usually male, connected by a common cause, situation, or affection.	Someone who is a kinsman or shares the same patriarch.	Someone who is a peer, whether male or female.	Son of the same parents as another person.
brother	verb	To treat as a brother.
brother	intj	Expressing exasperation.
both	det	Each of the two; one and the other; referring to two individuals or items.
both	pron	Each of the two, or of the two kinds.
both	conj	Including all of (used with and).	Including both of (used with and).
anyone	pron	Any person; anybody.
arrive	verb	To achieve orgasm; to cum; to ejaculate.	To bring to shore.	To come; said of time.	To happen or occur.	To obtain a level of success or fame; to succeed.	To reach; to come to.	To reach; to get to a certain place.
spend	verb	To be diffused; to spread.	To bestow; to employ; often with on or upon.	To break ground; to continue working.	To consume, to use up (time).	To exhaust, to wear out.	To have an orgasm; to ejaculate sexually.	To pay out (money).	To squander.	To waste or wear away; to be consumed.
spend	noun	Amount of money spent (during a period); expenditure.	Discharged semen.	Expenditures; money or pocket money.	Vaginal discharge.
visit	verb	Of God: to appear to (someone) to comfort, bless, or chastise or punish them. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.)	Of a sickness, misfortune etc.: to afflict (someone).	To go and meet (a person) as an act of friendliness or sociability.	To go to (a place) for pleasure, on an errand, etc.	To go to (a shrine, temple etc.) for worship. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.)	To habitually go to (someone in distress, sickness etc.) to comfort them. (Now generally merged into later senses, below.)	To inflict punishment, vengeance for (an offense) on or upon someone.	To punish, to inflict harm upon (someone or something).
visit	noun	A meeting with a doctor at their surgery or the doctor's at one's home.	A single act of visiting.
month	noun	A period into which a year is divided, historically based on the phases of the moon.	A period of 30 days, 31 days, or some alternation thereof.	A woman's period; menstrual discharge.
family	noun	A (close-knit) group of people related by blood, friendship, marriage, law, or custom, especially if they live or work together.	A category in the classification of organisms, ranking below order and above genus; a taxon at that rank.	A collection of sets, especially of subsets of a given set.	A group of instruments having the same basic method of tone production.	A group of languages believed to have descended from the same ancestral language.	A group of people who are closely related to one another (by blood, marriage or adoption); kin; in particular, a set of parents and their children; an immediate family.	A nuclear family: a mother and father who are married and cohabiting and their child or children.	An extended family: a group of people who are related to one another by blood or marriage.	Any group or aggregation of things classed together as kindred or related from possessing in common characteristics which distinguish them from other things of the same order.	Lineage, especially honorable or noble lineage.	Members of one's family collectively.	The gay community.
family	adj	Homosexual.	Suitable for children and adults.
drive	verb	(especially animals) To cause to flee out of.	(especially of animals) To impel or urge onward by force; to push forward; to compel to move on.	To be moved or propelled forcefully (especially of a ship).	To be the dominant party in a sex act.	To carry or to keep in motion; to conduct; to prosecute.	To cause (a mechanism) to operate.	To cause to become.	To cause to move by the application of physical force:	To clear, by forcing away what is contained.	To compel to move:	To compel to undergo a non-physical change:	To compel, exert pressure, coerce (to do something).	To convey (a person, etc.) in a wheeled motorized vehicle.	To dig horizontally; to cut a horizontal gallery or tunnel.	To direct a vehicle powered by a horse, ox or similar animal.	To displace either physically or non-physically, through the application of force.	To distrain for rent.	To hit the ball with a drive.	To motivate through the application or demonstration of force; to impel or urge onward in such a way.	To motivate; to provide an incentive for.	To move forcefully.	To operate (a wheeled motorized vehicle).	To operate (an aircraft); to pilot.	To operate a vehicle:	To provide an impetus for a change in one's situation or state of mind.	To provide an impetus for motion or other physical change, to move an object by means of the provision of force thereto.	To put together a drive (n.): to string together offensive plays and advance the ball down the field.	To separate the lighter (feathers or down) from the heavier, by exposing them to a current of air.	To travel by operating a wheeled motorized vehicle.	To urge, press, or bring to a point or state.
drive	noun	A ball struck in a flat trajectory.	A campaign aimed at selling more of a certain product or promoting a public service.	A charity event such as a fundraiser, bake sale, or toy drive.	A collection of objects that are driven; a mass of logs to be floated down a river.	A driveway.	A mass storage device in which the mechanism for reading and writing data is integrated with the mechanism for storing data.	A mechanism used to power or give motion to a vehicle or other machine or machine part.	A place suitable or agreeable for driving; a road prepared for driving.	A straight level shot or pass.	A stroke made with a driver.	A sustained advance in the face of the enemy to take an objective.	A trip made in a vehicle (now generally in a motor vehicle).	A type of public roadway.	A type of shot played by swinging the bat in a vertical arc, through the line of the ball, and hitting it along the ground, normally between cover and midwicket.	An act of driving (prompting) animals forward.	An act of driving game animals forward, to be captured or hunted.	An act of driving livestock animals forward, to transport a herd.	An apparatus for reading and writing data to or from a mass storage device such as a disk.	An impression or matrix formed by a punch drift.	An offensive possession, generally one consisting of several plays and/ or first downs, often leading to a scoring opportunity.	Desire or interest.	Friendly term of address for a bus driver.	Planned, usually long-lasting, effort to achieve something; ability coupled with ambition, determination, and motivation.	The gear into which one usually shifts an automatic transmission when one is driving a car or truck. (Denoted with symbol D on a shifter's labeling.)	Violent or rapid motion; a rushing onward or away; (especially) a forced or hurried dispatch of business.
true	adj	Accurate; following a path toward the target.	As an ellipsis of "(while) it is true (that)", used to start a sentence	Conforming to a rule or pattern; exact; accurate.	Conforming to the actual state of reality or fact; factually correct.	Correctly aligned or calibrated, without deviation.	Fair, unbiased, not loaded.	Genuine; legitimate; valid; sensu stricto.	Loyal, faithful.	Of the state in Boolean logic that indicates an affirmative or positive result.	Used in the designation of group of species, or sometimes a single species, to indicate that it belongs to the clade its common name (which may be more broadly scoped in common speech) is restricted to in technical speech, or to distinguish it from a similar species, the latter of which may be called false.	based on actual historical events.
true	adv	Accurately; in alignment.	Truthfully.
true	noun	A pledge or truce.	The state of being in alignment.	Truth.
true	verb	To make even, level, symmetrical, or accurate, align; adjust (often followed by up).	To straighten (something that is supposed to be straight).
listen	verb	To accept advice or obey instruction; to agree or assent.	To use one's sense of hearing in an intentional way; to make deliberate use of one's ears; to pay attention to or wait for a specific sound.
listen	noun	An instance of listening.
wonder	noun	A feat that demonstrates incredible finesse or skill, as if performed by magic.	A kind of donut; a cruller.	A mental pondering, a thought.	A nominalizer that serves as a head noun for the preceding adjective, which together form a mocking or insulting epithet.	A sense of awe, astonishment and curiosity, inspired by unexpected events, novel experiences and inexplicable circumstances, sometimes accompanied by surprise, shock or reverence.	An astonishing and seemingly inexplicable turn of events.	Fortunate circumstances.	Someone very talented at something, a genius.	Something that causes amazement or awe; a marvel.
wonder	verb	To be affected with surprise or admiration; to be struck with astonishment; to be amazed; to marvel; often followed by at.	To ponder; to feel doubt and curiosity; to query in the mind.
else	adj	Other; in addition to previously mentioned items.
else	adv	Otherwise, if not.
else	conj	For otherwise; or else.
far	adj	Distant; remote in space.	Extreme, as a difference in nature or quality.	Extreme, as measured from some central or neutral position.	Long.	More remote of two.	Outside the currently selected segment in a segmented memory architecture.	Remote in time.
far	adv	To, from or over a great distance in space, time or other extent.	Very much; by a great amount.
far	verb	To send far away.
far	noun	A litter of piglets; a farrow.	Emmer (a type of wheat), especially in the context of Roman use of it.
together	adv	At the same time, in the same place; in close association or proximity.	In a relationship or partnership, for example a business relationship or a romantic partnership.	Into one place; into a single thing; combined.	Without intermission or interruption; continuously; uninterruptedly.
together	adj	Coherent; well-organized.
Marys	name	plural of Mary
decide	verb	Of a Turing machine: to return a correct answer (for some yes-or-no problem) on every possible input.	To cause someone to come to a decision.	To cut off; to separate.	To make a judgment, especially after deliberation.	To resolve (a contest, problem, dispute, etc.); to choose, determine, or settle.
high	adj	Above the batter's shoulders.	Acute or shrill in pitch, due to being of greater frequency, i.e. produced by more rapid vibrations (wave oscillations).	Advanced in complexity (and hence potentially abstract and/or difficult to comprehend).	Consummate; advanced (e.g. in development) to the utmost extent or culmination, or possessing a quality in its supreme degree, at its zenith.	Elevated in mood; marked by great merriment, excitement, etc.	Elevated in status, esteem, or prestige, or in importance or development; exalted in rank, station, or character.	Extreme, excessive; now specifically very traditionalist and conservative.	Greater in value than other cards, denominations, suits, etc.	Having a large or comparatively larger concentration of (a substance, which is often but not always linked by "in" when predicative).	Having a specified elevation or height; tall.	Having the highest rank in a straight, flush or straight flush.	Intoxicated; under the influence of a mood-altering drug, formerly usually alcohol, but now (from the mid-20th century) usually not alcohol but rather marijuana, cocaine, heroin, etc.	Keen, enthused.	Large, great (in amount or quantity, value, force, energy, etc).	Lofty, often to the point of arrogant, haughty, boastful, proud.	Luxurious; rich.	Made with some part of the tongue positioned high in the mouth, relatively close to the palate.	Most exalted; foremost.	Near, in its direction of travel, to the (direction of the) wind.	Of great importance and consequence: grave (if negative) or solemn (if positive).	Pertaining to (or, especially of a language: spoken in) in an area which is at a greater elevation, for example more mountainous, than other regions.	Physically elevated, extending above a base or average level:	Positioned up the field, towards the opposing team's goal.	Relatively elevated; rising or raised above the average or normal level from which elevation is measured.	Remote (to the north or south) from the equator; situated at (or constituting) a latitude which is expressed by a large number.	Strong-scented; slightly tainted/spoiled; beginning to decompose.	Very elevated; extending or being far above a base; tall; lofty.	Winning; able to take a trick, win a round, etc.	With tall waves.
high	adv	At a pitch of great frequency.	In or at a great value.	In or to an elevated position.
high	noun	A drug that gives such a high.	A high point or position, literally (as, an elevated place; a superior region; a height; the sky; heaven) or figuratively (as, a point of success or achievement; a time when things are at their best, greatest, most numerous, maximum, etc).	A large area of elevated atmospheric pressure; an anticyclone.	A period of euphoria, from excitement or from an intake of drugs.	The highest card dealt or drawn.	The maximum atmospheric temperature recorded at a particular location, especially during one 24-hour period.
high	verb	Alternative form of hie (“to hasten”).	To rise.
mistake	verb	To commit an unintentional error; to do or think something wrong.	To misunderstand (someone).	To take or choose wrongly.	To understand wrongly, taking one thing or person for another.
mistake	noun	A pitch which was intended to be pitched in a hard-to-hit location, but instead ends up in an easy-to-hit place.	An error.
parent	noun	A parent company.	A person who has had a baby; this person in relation to their child or children.	A person who raises a child (which they have made, adopted, fostered, taken as their own, etc.).	A relative.	A surrogate parent.	A third person who has provided DNA samples in an IVF procedure in order to alter faulty genetic material.	An organism from which a plant or animal is immediately biologically descended.	Sponsor, supporter, owner, protector.	The nuclide that decays into a daughter nuclide.	The object from which a child or derived object is descended; a node superior to another node.	The source or origin of something.
parent	verb	To act as parent, to raise or rear.	To provide a parent object for one or more other objects, which become the children.
until	prep	Before (a time).	To; physically towards.	Up to (a certain place)	Up to the time of (something happening); pending.
until	conj	Before (a condition becoming true).	Up to the time that (a condition becomes true).
doctor	noun	A fish, the friar skate.	A nickname for a person who has special knowledge or talents to manipulate or arrange transactions.	A person who has attained a doctorate, such as a Ph.D. or Th.D. or one of many other terminal degrees conferred by a college or university.	A physician; a member of the medical profession; one who is trained and licensed to heal the sick or injured. The final examination and qualification may award a doctor degree in which case the post-nominal letters are DO, DPM, MD, DMD, or DDS in the US, or MBBS or BDS in the UK.	A ship's cook.	A teacher; one skilled in a profession or a branch of knowledge; a learned man.	A veterinarian; a medical practitioner who treats non-human animals.	Any mechanical contrivance intended to remedy a difficulty or serve some purpose in an exigency.
doctor	verb	To act as a medical doctor to.	To act as a medical doctor.	To adulterate, drug, or poison (drink).	To alter or make obscure, as with the intention to deceive, especially a document.	To genetically alter an extant species.	To make (someone) into an (academic) doctor; to confer a doctorate upon.	To physically alter (medically or surgically) a living being in order to change growth or behavior.	To take medicine.
pretty	adj	Awkward, unpleasant, bad.	Cunning; clever, skilful.	Effeminate.	Excellent, commendable, pleasing; fitting or proper (of actions, thoughts etc.).	Fine-looking; only superficially attractive; initially appealing but having little substance; see petty.	Matching commonly accepted principles of formatting and syntax, for the sake of readability.	Moderately large; considerable.	Of objects or things: nice-looking, appealing.	Pleasant to the sight or other senses; attractive, especially of women or children.
pretty	adv	Prettily, in a pretty manner.	Somewhat, fairly, quite; sometimes also (by meiosis) very.
pretty	noun	A pretty person; a term of address to a pretty person.	Something that is pretty.
pretty	verb	To make pretty; to beautify
swim	verb	To be dizzy or vertiginous; have a giddy sensation; to have, or appear to have, a whirling motion.	To be overflowed or drenched.	To become immersed in, or as if in, or flooded with, or as if with, a liquid	To cause to swim.	To float.	To glide along with a waving motion.	To have a great quantity of something.	To immerse in water to make the lighter parts float.	To move around freely because of excess space.	To move through the water, without touching the bottom; to propel oneself in water by natural means.	To test (a suspected witch) by throwing into a river; those who floated rather than sinking were deemed to be witches.	To traverse (a specific body of water, or a specific distance) by swimming; or, to use a specific swimming stroke; or, to compete in a specific swimming event.
swim	noun	A dance or dance move of the 1960s in which the arms are moved in imitation of various swimming strokes, such as freestyle, breaststroke, etc.	A dizziness; swoon.	A part of a stream much frequented by fish.	Abbreviation of someone who isn't me, used as a way to avoid self-designation or self-incrimination, especially in online drug forums.	An act or instance of swimming.	The flow of events; being in the swim of things.	The sound, or air bladder, of a fish.
meeting	noun	A gathering of persons for a purpose; an assembly.	A place or instance of junction or intersection; a confluence.	A religious service held by a charismatic preacher in small towns in the United States.	An administrative unit in the Religious Society of Friends (Quakers).	An encounter between people, even accidental.	The act of persons or things that meet.	The people at such a gathering.
meeting	verb	present participle and gerund of meet
hold	verb	In a food or drink order at an informal restaurant etc., requesting that a component normally included in that order be omitted.	Not to give way; not to part or become separated; to remain unbroken or unsubdued.	Not to move; to halt; to stop.	To accept, as an opinion; to be the adherent of, openly or privately; to persist in, as a purpose; to maintain; to sustain.	To be in possession of illicit drugs for sale.	To be or remain valid; to apply (usually in the third person).	To bear, carry, or manage.	To bind (someone) to a consequence of his or her actions.	To cause to wait or delay.	To contain or store.	To derive right or title.	To detain.	To grasp or grip.	To have and keep possession of something.	To impose restraint upon; to limit in motion or action; to bind legally or morally; to confine; to restrain.	To keep oneself in a particular state.	To maintain in being or action; to carry on; to prosecute, as a course of conduct or an argument; to continue; to sustain.	To maintain or keep to a position or state.	To maintain or keep to particular opinions, promises, actions.	To maintain, to consider, to opine.	To organise an event or meeting (usually in passive voice).	To remain continent; to control an excretory bodily function.	To reserve.	To restrain oneself; to refrain; to hold back.	To take place, to occur.	To win one's own service game.
hold	noun	A fruit machine feature allowing one or more of the reels to remain fixed while the others spin.	A grasp or grip.	A pause facility.	A place where animals are held for safety	A position or grip used to control the opponent.	A region of airspace reserved for aircraft being kept in a holding pattern.	A statistic awarded to a relief pitcher who is not still pitching at the end of the game and who records at least one out and maintains a lead for his team.	An act or instance of holding.	An exercise involving holding a position for a set time	An instance of holding one's service game, as opposed to being broken.	An order that something is to be reserved or delayed, limiting or preventing how it can be dealt with.	Power over someone or something.	Something reserved or kept.	The ability to persist.	The cargo area of a ship or aircraft (often holds or cargo hold).	The part of an object one is intended to grasp, or anything one can use for grasping with hands or feet.	The percentage the house wins on a gamble, the house or bookmaker's hold.	The property of maintaining the shape of styled hair.	The queueing system on telephones and similar communication systems which maintains a connection when all lines are busy.	The wager amount, the total hold.
hold	adj	Gracious; friendly; faithful; true.
face	noun	A distorted facial expression; an expression of displeasure, insult, etc.	A familiar or well-known person; a member of a particular scene, such as the music or fashion scene.	A headlining wrestler with a persona embodying heroic or virtuous traits and who is regarded as a "good guy", especially one who is handsome and well-conditioned; a baby face.	A mode of regard, whether favourable or unfavourable; favour or anger.	A person; the self; (reflexively, objectifying) oneself.	A typeface.	An aspect of the character or nature of someone or something.	Any of the flat bounding surfaces of a polyhedron; more generally, any of the bounding pieces of a polytope of any dimension.	Any surface, especially a front or outer one.	Good reputation; standing, in the eyes of others; dignity; prestige.	Makeup; one's complete facial cosmetic application.	One's facial expression.	Presence; sight; front.	Public image; outward appearance.	Shameless confidence; boldness; effrontery.	The amount expressed on a bill, note, bond, etc., without any interest or discount; face value.	The directed force of something.	The exposed surface of the mineral deposit where it is being mined. Also the exposed end surface of a tunnel where digging may still be in progress.	The front part of the head of a human or other animal, featuring the eyes, nose, and mouth, and the surrounding area.	The front surface of a bat.	The frontal aspect of something.	The head of a lion, shown face-on and cut off immediately behind the ears.	The mouth.	The numbered dial of a clock or watch; the clock face.	The part of a golf club that hits the ball.	The player character, especially as opposed to minions or other entities which might absorb damage instead of the player character.	The side of the card that shows its value (as opposed to the back side, which looks the same on all cards of the deck).	The width of a pulley, or the length of a cog from end to end.
face	verb	To be presented or confronted with; to have in prospect.	To be the batsman on strike.	To cause (something) to turn or present a face or front, as in a particular direction.	To confront impudently; to bully.	To cover in front, for ornament, protection, etc.; to put a facing upon.	To cover with better, or better appearing, material than the mass consists of, for purpose of deception, as the surface of a box of tea, a barrel of sugar, etc.	To deal with (a difficult situation or person); to accept (facts, reality, etc.) even when undesirable.	To have as an opponent.	To have its front closest to, or in the direction of (something else).	To have the front in a certain direction.	To improve the display of stock by ensuring items aren't upside down or back to front and are pulled forwards.	To line near the edge, especially with a different material.	To make the surface of (anything) flat or smooth; to dress the face of (a stone, a casting, etc.); especially, in turning, to shape or smooth the flat (transverse) surface of, as distinguished from the cylindrical (axial) surface.	To position oneself or itself so as to have one's face closest to (something).
order	noun	A category in the classification of organisms, ranking below class and above family; a taxon at that rank.	A command.	A decoration, awarded by a government, a dynastic house, or a religious body to an individual, usually for distinguished service to a nation or to humanity.	A group of religious adherents, especially monks or nuns, set apart within their religion by adherence to a particular rule or set of principles.	A number of things or persons arranged in a fixed or suitable place, or relative position; a rank; a row; a grade; especially, a rank or class in society; a distinct character, kind, or sort.	A partially ordered set.	A position in an arrangement, disposition, or sequence.	A power of polynomial function in an electronic circuit’s block, such as a filter, an amplifier, etc.	A request for some product or service; a commission to purchase, sell, or supply goods.	A written direction to furnish someone with money or property; compare money order, postal order.	An association of knights.	An ecclesiastical rank or position, usually for the sake of ministry, (especially, when plural) holy orders.	Any group of people with common interests.	Arrangement, disposition, or sequence.	Conformity with law or decorum; freedom from disturbance; general tranquillity; public quiet.	Scale: size or scope.	The disposition of a column and its component parts, and of the entablature resting upon it, in classical architecture; hence (since the column and entablature are the characteristic features of classical architecture) a style or manner of architectural design.	The number of elements contained within (the given object); formally, the cardinality (of the given object).	The number of vertices in the graph (i.e. the set-theoretic order of the set of vertices of the graph).	The order of the leading monomial; (equivalently) the largest power of the variable involved in the given expression.	The overall power of the rate law of a chemical reaction, expressed as a polynomial function of concentrations of reactants and products.	The relation with which a partially ordered set is equipped.	The sequence in which a side’s batsmen bat; the batting order.	The smallest positive natural number n such that (denoting the group operation multiplicatively) gⁿ is the identity element of G, if such an n exists; if no such n exists the element is said to be of infinite order (or sometimes zero order).	The state of being well arranged.	The sum of the exponents of the variables involved in the expression.
order	verb	To admit to holy orders; to ordain; to receive into the ranks of the ministry.	To arrange, set in proper order.	To issue a command to; to charge.	To request some product or service; to secure by placing an order.	To set in some sort of order.
small	adj	Evincing little worth or ability; not large-minded; paltry; mean.	Having a small penis, muscles, or other important body parts, regardless of overall body size.	Humiliated or insignificant.	Minuscule or lowercase, referring to written or printed letters.	Not large or big; insignificant; few in number.	Not prolonged in duration; not extended in time; short.	Slender, gracefully slim.	Synonym of little (“of an industry or institution(s) therein: operating on a small scale, unlike larger counterparts”).	That is small (the manufactured size).	Young, as a child.
small	adv	In a low tone; softly.	In a small fashion	In or into small pieces.	To a small extent.
small	noun	An item labelled or denoted as being that size.	Any part of something that is smaller or slimmer than the rest, now usually with anatomical reference to the back.	One of several common sizes to which an item may be manufactured.	One who fits an item of that size.
small	verb	To become small; to dwindle.	To make little or less.
city	noun	A large amount of something (used after the noun).	A large settlement, bigger than a town; sometimes with a specific legal definition, depending on the place.	A settlement granted special status by royal charter or letters patent; traditionally, a settlement with a cathedral regardless of size.	The central business district; downtown.
isnt	contraction	Misspelling of isn't.
bed	noun	A course of stone or brick in a wall.	A deposit of ore, coal, etc.	A foundation or supporting surface formed of a fluid.	A garden plot.	A horizontal layer or surface.	A piece of furniture, usually flat and soft, on which to rest or sleep.	A piece of music, normally instrumental, over which a radio DJ talks.	A place, or flat surface or layer, on which something else rests or is laid.	A prepared spot in which to spend the night.	A shaped piece of timber to hold a cask clear of a ship’s floor; a pallet.	An area where a large number of oysters, mussels, other sessile shellfish, or a large amount of seaweed is found.	Any of the sections of a dartboard with a point value, delimited by a wire.	Clipping of bedroom.	Marriage.	One's place of sleep or rest.	Sexual activity.	Sleep; rest; getting to sleep.	The bottom of a body of water, such as an ocean, sea, lake, or river.	The flat part of the press, on which the form is laid.	The flat surface of a scanner on which a document is placed to be scanned.	The horizontal surface of a building stone.	The lower surface of a brick, slate, or tile.	The platform of a truck, trailer, wagon, railcar, or other vehicle that supports the load to be hauled.	The smallest division of a geologic formation or stratigraphic rock series marked by well-defined divisional planes (bedding planes) separating it from layers above and below.	The superficial earthwork, or ballast, of a railroad.	The taut surface of a trampoline.	The time for going to sleep or resting in bed; bedtime.	Time spent in a bed.
bed	verb	Of large game animals: to be at rest.	Senses relating to a bed as a place for resting or sleeping.	Senses relating to a bed as a place or layer on which something else rests or is laid.	To dress or prepare the surface of (stone) so it can serve as a bed.	To furnish with a bed or bedding.	To go to bed; to put oneself to sleep.	To have sex (with).	To lay flat; to lay in order; to place in a horizontal or recumbent position.	To lay or put in any hollow place, or place of rest and security, surrounded or enclosed; to embed.	To place in a bed.	To set in a soft matrix, as paving stones in sand, or tiles in cement.	To set out (plants) in a garden bed.	To settle, as machinery.
move	verb	To act; to take action; to begin to act	To apply to, as for aid.	To arouse the feelings or passions of; especially, to excite to tenderness or compassion, to excite (for example, an emotion).	To bow or salute upon meeting.	To cause to change place or posture in any manner; to set in motion; to carry, convey, draw, or push from one place to another	To change place or posture; to go, in any manner, from one place or position to another.	To change residence, for example from one house, town, or state, to another; to go and live at another place. See also move out and move in.	To excite to action by the presentation of motives; to rouse by representation, persuasion, or appeal; to influence.	To incite, urge (someone to do something); to solicit (someone for or of an issue); to make a proposal to.	To mention; to raise (a question); to suggest (a course of action); to lodge (a complaint).	To propose; to recommend; specifically, to propose formally for consideration and determination, in a deliberative assembly; to submit	To request an action from the court.	To sell or market (especially physical inventory or illicit drugs).	To transfer (a piece) from one space or position on the board to another.	To transfer the value of one object in memory to another efficiently (i.e., without copying it in entirety).
move	noun	A change in strategy.	A formalized or practiced action used in athletics, dance, physical exercise, self-defense, hand-to-hand combat, etc.	A round, in which each player has a turn.	A transfer, a change from one employer to another.	An act for the attainment of an object; a step in the execution of a plan or purpose.	The act of moving a token on a gameboard from one position to another according to the rules of the game.	The act of moving; a movement.	The event of changing one's residence.	Within the Minimalist Program, a fundamental operation of syntactic construction
cat	noun	A carnivorous, four-legged, generally furry domesticated species (Felis catus) of feline animal, commonly kept as a house pet.	A double tripod for holding a plate, etc., with six feet, of which three rest on the ground in whatever position it is placed.	A ground vehicle which uses caterpillar tracks, especially tractors, trucks, minibuses, and snow groomers.	A jazz musician; also, an enthusiast of jazz music.	A program and command in Unix that reads one or more files and directs their content to the standard output.	A street name of the drug methcathinone.	A strong tackle used to hoist an anchor to the cathead of a ship.	A vagina or vulva.	A wheeled shelter, used in the Middle Ages to protect assailants approaching besieged enemy defences; a cathouse.	Abbreviation of catalytic converter.	Abbreviation of catamaran.	Abbreviation of catapult.	Abbreviation of category.	Abbreviation of caterpillar.	Abbreviation of catfish.	Abbreviation of computed axial tomography; often used attributively, as in “CAT scan” or “CT scan”.	An angry or spiteful person, especially a woman.	An animal of the family Felidae.	An ordinary person, especially a man; a fellow, a guy.	Any of a variety of earth-moving machines. (from their manufacturer Caterpillar Inc.)	Any similar, chiefly non-domesticated, animal of the family Felidae, which includes bobcats, caracals, cheetahs, cougars, leopards, lions, lynxes, tigers, and other such species.	Chiefly with a descriptive word: an animal not of the family Felidae which (somewhat) resembles a domestic feline (sense 1.1.1).	Ellipsis of cat-o'-nine-tails.	Now only in catboat: a sturdy merchant sailing vessel.	Synonym of itinerant worker.	Synonym of prostitute.	Terms relating to animals.	Terms relating to people.	Terms relating to things.	The flesh of this animal eaten as food.	The game of trap ball; also (countable), the trap in that game.	The pointed piece of wood that is struck in the game of tipcat.
cat	verb	To apply the cat command to (one or more files).	To dump large amounts of data on (an unprepared target), usually with no intention of browsing it carefully.	To flog with a cat-o'-nine-tails.	To go wandering at night.	To gossip in a catty manner.	To hoist (an anchor) by its ring so that it hangs at the cathead.	To vomit.
cat	adj	Catastrophic; terrible, disastrous.
company	noun	A group of individuals who work together for a common purpose.	A small group of birds or animals.	A team; a group of people who work together professionally.	A unit of approximately sixty to one hundred and twenty soldiers, typically consisting of two or three platoons and forming part of a battalion.	A unit of firefighters and their equipment.	An entity having legal personality, and thus able to own property and to sue and be sued in its own name; a corporation.	An intelligence service.	Any business, whether incorporated or not, that manufactures or sells products (also known as goods), or provides services as a commercial venture.	Companionship.	Social visitors or companions.	The entire crew of a ship.
company	verb	To accompany, keep company with.	To associate.	To be a lively, cheerful companion.	To have sexual intercourse.
kill	verb	To amaze, exceed, stun, or otherwise incapacitate.	To cause (a ball, etc.) to be out of play, resulting in a stoppage of gameplay.	To cause great pain, discomfort, or distress to; to hurt.	To cause to assume the value zero.	To deadmelt.	To disconnect (a user) involuntarily from the network.	To exert oneself to an excessive degree.	To force a company out of business.	To overpower, overwhelm, or defeat.	To produce feelings of dissatisfaction or revulsion in.	To punish severely.	To put to death; to extinguish the life of.	To render inoperative.	To sexually penetrate in a skillful way.	To stop, cease, or render void; to terminate.	To strike (a ball, etc.) with such force and placement as to make a shot that is impossible to defend against, usually winning a point.	To succeed with an audience, especially in comedy.	To use up or to waste.
kill	noun	A creek; a body of water; a channel or arm of the sea.	Alternative form of kiln.	An instance of killing; a score on the tally of enemy personnel or vehicles killed or destroyed.	Specifically, the death blow.	The act of killing.	The grounding of the ball on the opponent's court, winning the rally.	The result of killing; that which has been killed.
son	noun	A familiar address to a male person from an older or otherwise more authoritative person.	A male adopted person in relation to his adoptive parents.	A male person considered to have been significantly shaped by social conflict.	A male person who has such a close relationship with an older or otherwise more authoritative person that he can be regarded as a son of the other person.	A person regarded as the product of some place.	An informal address to a friend or person of equal authority.	One's male offspring.	Son cubano, a genre of music and dance blending Spanish and African elements that originated in Cuba during the late 19th century.	The current version of a file, derived from the preceding father file.
son	verb	To address (someone) as "son".	To produce (i.e. bear, father, beget) a son.
picture	noun	("the pictures") Cinema (as a form of entertainment).	A figure; a model.	A format string in the COBOL programming language.	A motion picture.	A painting.	A paragon, a perfect example or specimen (of a category).	A photograph.	A representation of anything (as a person, a landscape, a building) upon canvas, paper, or other surface, by drawing, painting, printing, photography, etc.	A sample of an illegal drug.	An attractive sight.	An image; a representation as in the imagination.	Situation.	The art of painting; representation by painting.
picture	verb	To depict or describe vividly.	To imagine or envision.	To represent in or with a picture.
sister	noun	A black woman.	A daughter of the same parents as another person; a female sibling.	A female fellow member of a religious community, church, trades union etc.	A female member of a religious order; especially one devoted to more active service; (informal) a nun.	A form of address to a woman.	A node in a data structure that shares its parent with another node.	A senior or supervisory nurse, often in a hospital.	An entity that has a special or affectionate, non-hierarchical relationship with another.	Any butterfly in the genus Adelpha, so named for the resemblance of the dark-colored wings to the black habit traditionally worn by nuns.	Any woman or girl with whom a bond is felt through the same biological sex, gender or common membership in a community, race, profession, religion, organization, or ism.	One of two tornados that form in close proximity at the same time or in quick succession.	Something in the same class.
sister	verb	To be sister to; to resemble closely.	To strengthen (a supporting beam) by fastening a second beam alongside it.
sentence	noun	A formula with no free variables.	A grammatically complete series of words consisting of a subject and predicate, even if one or the other is implied. In modern writing, when using e.g. the Latin, Greek or Cyrillic alphabets, typically beginning with a capital letter and ending with a full stop or other punctuation.	A pronounced opinion or judgment on a given question.	A punishment imposed on a person convicted of a crime.	A saying, especially from a great person; a maxim, an apophthegm.	Any of the set of strings that can be generated by a given formal grammar.	One's opinion; manner of thinking.	Sense; meaning; significance.	The decision or judgement of a jury or court; a verdict.	The judicial order for a punishment to be imposed on a person convicted of a crime.
sentence	verb	To declare a sentence on a convicted person; to condemn to punishment.	To decree, announce, or pass as a sentence.	To utter sententiously.
nice	adj	Doubtful, as to the outcome; risky.	Easily injured; delicate; dainty.	Giving a favorable review or having a favorable impression.	Having particular tastes; fussy, fastidious.	Of a person: friendly, attractive.	Particular as regards rules or qualities; strict.	Particular in one's conduct; scrupulous, painstaking; choosy.	Pleasant, satisfactory.	Respectable; virtuous.	Showing or requiring great precision or sensitive discernment; subtle.	Showing refinement or delicacy, proper, seemly	Shows that the given adjective is desirable, or acts as a mild intensifier; pleasantly, quite.	Silly, ignorant; foolish.
nice	adv	Nicely.
nice	intj	Used to signify a job well done.	Used to signify approval.
nice	noun	niceness.
nice	verb	To run a process with a specified (usually lower) priority.
truth	noun	A pledge of loyalty or faith.	Conformity to fact or reality; correctness, accuracy.	Conformity to rule; exactness; close correspondence with an example, mood, model, etc.	Faithfulness, fidelity.	In the game truth or dare, the choice to truthfully answer a question put forth.	Something acknowledged to be true; a true statement or axiom.	That which is real, in a deeper sense; spiritual or ‘genuine’ reality.	The state or quality of being true to someone or something.	Topness; the property of a truth quark.	True facts, genuine depiction or statements of reality.
truth	verb	To assert as true; to declare; to speak truthfully.	To make exact; to correct for inaccuracy.	To tell the truth.
sorry	adj	Grieved or saddened, especially by the loss of something or someone.	Pathetic; contemptibly inadequate.	Poor, pitifully sad or regrettable.	Regretful or apologetic for one's actions.
sorry	intj	Expresses regret, remorse, or sorrow.	Said as a request to pass somebody.	Used as a request for someone to repeat something not heard or understood clearly.	Used to correct oneself in speech.
sorry	noun	The act of saying sorry; an apology.
sorry	verb	To feel sorry (for someone).
important	adj	Having relevant and crucial value; having import.	Pompous; self-important.
expect	verb	To be pregnant, to consider a baby due.	To consider obligatory or required.	To consider reasonably due.	To predict or believe that something will happen	To wait for; to await.	To wait; to stay.
Japan	name	A country and archipelago of East Asia.
easy	adj	Causing ease; giving comfort, or freedom from care or labour.	Comfortable; at ease.	Consenting readily to sex.	Free from constraint, harshness, or formality; unconstrained; smooth.	Not making resistance or showing unwillingness; tractable; yielding; compliant.	Not straitened as to money matters; opposed to tight.	Requiring little skill or effort.
easy	adv	Handily; at the very least.	In a manner without strictness or harshness; gently; softly.	In a relaxed or casual manner.
easy	noun	Something that is easy.
easy	verb	Synonym of easy-oar.
yourself	pron	You (singular); even when "you" has not been used previously; see usage notes.	You (singular); used emphatically, especially to indicate exclusiveness of the referent's participation in the predicate, i.e., that no one else is involved.	Your own self (singular).
story	noun	A chronological collection of pictures or short videos published by a user on an application or website that is typically only available for a short period.	A lie, fiction.	A sequence of events, or a situation, such as might be related in an account.	A soap opera.	Alternative spelling of storey.	An account of real or fictional events.	Ellipsis of user story.	History.
story	verb	To post a story (chronological collection of pictures or short videos) on an application or website.	To tell as a story; to relate or narrate about.
story	intj	Used as a greeting, short for what's the story?
accident	noun	A collision or crash of a vehicle, aircraft, or other form of transportation that causes damage to the transportation involved; and sometimes injury or death to the transportation's occupants or bystanders in close proximity. (but see Usage notes)	A person born from an unintended pregnancy.	A point or mark which may be retained or omitted in a coat of arms.	A property attached to a word, but not essential to it, such as gender, number, or case.	A sudden discontinuity of ground such as fault of great thickness, bed or lentil of unstable ground.	An instance of incontinence.	An irregular surface feature with no apparent cause.	An unexpected event with negative consequences occurring without the intention of the one suffering the consequences, and (in the strict sense) not directly caused by humans.	An unintended pregnancy.	Any chance event.	Any property, fact, or relation that is the result of chance or is nonessential or nonsubstantive.	Chance; random chance.	Urine or feces excreted due to incontinence.	casus; such unforeseen, extraordinary, extraneous interference as is out of the range of ordinary calculation.
accident	adj	Designating any form of transportation involved in an accident.
almost	adv	Up to a null set; except for a set of measure 0.	Up to, except for a negligible set (where negligible is not universally but contextually defined).	Very close to, but not quite.
almost	noun	Something or someone that doesn't quite make it.
wife	noun	A married woman, especially in relation to her spouse.	Synonym of woman.	The female of a pair of mated animals.
wife	verb	To marry (a woman).
win	verb	To achieve victory.	To cause a victory for someone.	To conquer, defeat.	To defeat or surpass someone or something.	To dry by exposure to the wind.	To extract (ore, coal, etc.).	To gain (a prize) by succeeding in competition or contest.	To have power, coercion or control.	To obtain (someone) by wooing; to make an ally or friend of (frequently with over).	To obtain (something desired).	To reach some destination or object, despite difficulty or toil (now usually intransitive, with preposition or locative adverb).	To take priority.	To triumph or achieve victory in (a game, a war, etc.).
win	noun	A feat carried out successfully; a victorious achievement.	Alternative form of wynn.	An individual victory.	Gain; profit; income.	Pleasure; joy; delight.	Wealth; goods owned.
office	noun	A bodily function, (particularly) urination and defecation; an act of urination or defecation.	A ceremonial duty or service	A ceremonial duty or service, particularly	A collection of business software typically including a word processor and spreadsheet and slideshow programs.	A daily service without the eucharist.	A duty, particularly owing to one's position or station; a charge, trust, or role; (obsolete, rare) moral duty.	A hangout: a place where one is normally found.	A ministry or other department of government.	A particular place of business of a larger white-collar business.	A piece of land used for hunting; the area of land overseen by a gamekeeper.	A plane's cockpit, particularly an observer's cockpit.	A position of responsibility.	A room, set of rooms, or building used for administration and bookkeeping.	A room, set of rooms, or building used for consultation and diagnosis, but not surgery or other major procedures.	A room, set of rooms, or building used for non-manual work	A room, set of rooms, or building used for non-manual work, particularly	A room, set of rooms, or building used for selling services or tickets to the public.	A service, a kindness.	An official or group of officials; (figuratively) a personification of officeholders.	Any special liturgy, as the Office for the Dead or of the Virgin.	Clipping of inquest of office	Function: anything typically done by or expected of something.	Inside information.	Last rites.	Mass, (particularly) the introit sung at its beginning.	Official position, particularly high employment within government; tenure in such a position.	Short for Holy Office: the court of final appeal in cases of heresy.	The administrative departments housed in such places	The administrative departments housed in such places, particularly	The authorized form of ceremonial worship of a church.	The daily service of the breviary, the liturgy for each canonical hour, including psalms, collects, and lessons.	The parts of a house or estate devoted to manual work and storage, as the kitchen, scullery, laundry, stables, etc., particularly (euphemistic, dated) a house or estate's facilities for urination and defecation: outhouses or lavatories.	The performance of a duty; an instance of performing a duty.	The staff of such places.	Various prayers used with modification as a morning or evening service.
office	verb	To have an office.	To provide (someone) with an office.
pass	verb	In euchre, to decline to make the trump.	In turn-based games, to decline to play in one's turn.	To achieve a successful outcome from.	To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to become valid or effective; to obtain the formal sanction of (a legislative body).	To allow to go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard.	To be accepted by others as a member of a race, sex, or other group to which one does not belong or would not have originally appeared to belong; especially to be considered white although one has black ancestry, or a woman although one was assigned male at birth or vice versa.	To be accepted.	To be conveyed or transferred by will, deed, or other instrument of conveyance.	To be tolerated as a substitute for something else, to "do".	To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal, examination, or action; specifically, to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just.	To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person, place, or condition to another.	To cause to obtain entrance, admission, or conveyance.	To change from one state to another (without the implication of progression).	To change in state or status	To change place.	To continue.	To decline or not attempt to answer a question.	To decline something that is offered or available.	To depart, to cease, to come to an end.	To die.	To do or be better.	To elapse, to be spent.	To eliminate (something) from the body by natural processes.	To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess.	To go from one person to another.	To go past, by, over, or through; to proceed from one side to the other of; to move past.	To happen.	To kick (the ball) with precision rather than at full force.	To live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer.	To make a judgment on or upon a person or case.	To make a lunge or swipe.	To make various kinds of movement.	To move (the ball or puck) to a teammate.	To move or be moved from one place to another.	To move through time.	To proceed without hindrance or opposition.	To progress from one state to another; to advance.	To put in circulation; to give currency to.	To put through a sieve.	To refrain from doing something.	To reject; to pass up.	To spend.	To take a turn with (a line, gasket, etc.), as around a sail in furling, and make secure.	To take heed, to have an interest, to care.	To throw the ball, generally downfield, towards a teammate.	To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed.	To utter; to pronounce; to pledge.
pass	noun	A channel connecting a river or body of water to the sea, for example at the mouth (delta) of a river.	A document granting permission to pass or to go and come; a passport; a ticket permitting free transit or admission	A passing of two trains in the same direction on a single track, when one is put into a siding to let the other overtake it.	A password (especially one for a restricted-access website).	A run through a document as part of a translation, compilation or reformatting process.	A sexual advance (often in the phrase make a pass).	A single movement, especially of a hand, at, over, or along anything.	A single passage of a tool over something, or of something over a tool.	A thrust or push; an attempt to stab or strike an adversary.	A thrust; a sally of wit.	An act of declining to play one's turn in a game, often by saying the word "pass".	An attempt.	An intentional walk.	An opening, road, or track, available for passing; especially, one through or over some dangerous or otherwise impracticable barrier such as a mountain range; a passageway; a defile; a ford.	Estimation; character.	Permission or license to pass, or to go and come.	Success in an examination or similar test.	The act of moving the ball or puck from one player to another.	The act of overtaking; an overtaking manoeuvre.	The area in a restaurant kitchen where the finished dishes are passed from the chefs to the waiting staff.	The state of things; condition; predicament; impasse.
myself	pron	I (as the subject of a verb).	In my normal state of body or mind.	Me, as direct or indirect object the speaker as the object of a verb or preposition, when the speaker is also the subject.	Me, as the object of a verb or preposition without a reflexive trigger. Sometimes used for intensifying the pronoun of oneself.	Personally, for my part; used in apposition to I, sometimes for simple emphasis and sometimes with implicit exclusion of any others performing the activity described.	my name is...
guy	noun	A guide; a leader or conductor.	A man or boy; a fellow.	A person (see usage notes).	A person of eccentric appearance or dress; a "fright".	A support rope or cable used to aid in hoisting or lowering.	A support to secure or steady structures prone to shift their position or be carried away (e.g. the mast of a ship or a suspension bridge).	An effigy of a man burned on a bonfire on the anniversary of the Gunpowder Plot (5th November).	Anything seen to have character and personality, such as an animal or a toy.	Buster, Mack, fella, bud, man.	Thing, item (term that can be used to refer to any entity)
guy	verb	To equip with a support cable.	To exhibit an effigy of Guy Fawkes around the 5th November.	To make fun of, to ridicule with wit or innuendo.	To play in a comedic manner.
shes	noun	plural of she
dinner	noun	A formal meal for many people eaten for a special occasion.	A meal given to an animal.	A midday meal (in a context in which the evening meal is called supper or tea).	An evening meal.	The food provided or consumed at any such meal.	The main meal of the day, often eaten in the evening.
dinner	verb	To eat a dinner; to dine.	To provide (someone) with a dinner; to dine.
Mr	noun	Abbreviation of March.	Abbreviation of Mister.
bus	noun	A coach, a bus used for long travels.	A motor vehicle for transporting large numbers of people along roads.	A network topology with each computer connected to a single cable.	An aeroplane.	An ambulance.	An electrical conductor or interface serving as a common connection for two or more circuits or components.	Part of a MIRV missile, having on-board motors used to deliver the warhead to a target.
bus	verb	To clear meal remains from.	To transport students to school, often to a more distant school for the purposes of achieving racial integration.	To transport via a motor bus.	To travel by bus.	To work at clearing the remains of meals from tables or counters; to work as a busboy.
coffee	noun	A beverage made by infusing the beans of the coffee plant in hot water.	A pale brown color, like that of milk coffee.	A serving of this beverage.	A tropical plant of the genus Coffea.	The end of a meal, when coffee is served.	The powder made by roasting and grinding the seeds.	The seeds of the plant used to make coffee, called ‘beans’ due to their shape.
coffee	adj	Of a pale brown colour, like that of milk coffee.	Of a table: a small, low table suitable for people in lounge seating to put coffee cups on.
coffee	verb	To drink coffee.	To give coffee to.
ten	num	The number occurring after nine and before eleven, represented in Arabic numerals (base ten) as 10 and in Roman numerals as X.
ten	noun	A card in a given suit with a value of ten.	A denomination of currency, such as a banknote, with a value of ten units.	A high level of intensity.	A perfect specimen, (particularly) a physically attractive person.	A set or group with ten elements.	An inexact quantity, typically understood to be between 20 and 100.	The act of rowing ten strokes flat out.
John	name	A male given name originating from the Bible [in turn from Hebrew]; very popular since the Middle Ages.	A surname originating as a patronymic.	One of the books in the New Testament of the Bible, the epistles of John (1 John, 2 John and 3 John).	Persons of the Christian Bible: John the Baptist; and names possibly referring to one, two or three persons, frequently called "Saint": John the Apostle, John the Evangelist and John of Patmos (also called John the Divine or John the Theologian).	The Gospel of St. John, a book of the New Testament of the Bible. Traditionally the fourth of the four gospels.	Used frequently to form an idea personified, as in John Bull, John Barleycorn (see derivations below).	Used generically for a man whose actual name may not be known.
John	noun	A new recruit at Royal Military Academy Sandhurst.	Alternative letter-case form of john (“a toilet, lavatory, outhouse, chamber pot”).	An excuse, chiefly made by a losing player for their poor performance.
class	noun	A category of seats in an airplane, train or other means of mass transportation.	A collection of sets definable by a shared property, especially one which is not itself a set (in which case the class is called proper).	A group of people subject to be conscripted in the same military draft, or more narrowly those persons actually conscripted in a particular draft.	A group of students in a regularly scheduled meeting with a teacher.	A group of students who commenced or completed their education during a particular year. A school class.	A group, collection, category or set sharing characteristics or attributes.	A grouping of data values in an interval, often used for computation of a frequency distribution.	A rank in the classification of organisms, below phylum and above order; a taxon of that rank.	A series of lessons covering a single subject.	A set of objects having the same behavior (but typically differing in state), or a template defining such a set in terms of its common properties, functions, etc.	A single lesson in a series.	A social grouping, based on job, wealth, etc. In Britain, society is commonly split into three main classes: upper class, middle class and working class.	Admirable behavior; elegance.	Best of its kind.	One of the sections into which a Methodist church or congregation is divided, supervised by a class leader.	The division of society into classes.
class	verb	To assign to a class; to classify.	To be grouped or classed.	To divide into classes, as students; to form into, or place in, a class or classes.
class	adj	great; fabulous
afraid	adj	Impressed with fear or apprehension; in fear.	Regretful, sorry; expressing a reluctance to face an unpleasant situation.	Worried about, feeling concern for, fearing for (someone or something).
trouble	noun	A difficulty, problem, condition, or action contributing to such a situation.	A distressing or dangerous situation.	A fault or interruption in a stratum.	A malfunction.	A person liable to place others or themselves in such a situation.	An unplanned, unwanted or undesired pregnancy.	Difficulty in doing something.	Efforts taken or expended, typically beyond the normal required.	Health problems, ailment, generally of some particular part of the body.	Liability to punishment; conflict with authority.	Objectionable feature of something or someone; problem, drawback, weakness, failing, or shortcoming.	The state of being troubled, disturbed, or distressed mentally; unease, disquiet.	Violent or turbulent occurrence or event; unrest, disturbance.	Wife. Clipping of trouble and strife.
trouble	verb	In weaker sense: to bother or inconvenience.	To disturb, stir up, agitate (a medium, especially water).	To mentally distress; to cause (someone) to be anxious or perplexed.	To physically afflict.	To take pains (to do something); to bother.	To worry; to be anxious.
send	verb	To bestow; to grant.	To bring to a certain condition, to drive.	To call out or diss a specific person in a diss track.	To care.	To cause to be or to happen; to bring; bring about.	To climb a route without falling.	To dispatch an agent or messenger to convey a message or do an errand.	To get one going; move to excitement or rapture; to delight or thrill.	To give (someone) a lift, to drive (someone) to another place.	To inflict; to visit.	To make something (such as an object or message) go from one place to another (or to someone).	To pitch.	To pursue (a course of action) committedly, enthusiastically, and often recklessly; go for.
send	noun	A callout or diss usually aimed at a specific person, often in the form of a diss track.	A messenger, especially one sent to fetch the bride.	A successful ascent of a sport climbing route.	Alternative form of scend.	An icon (usually on a computer screen and labeled with the word "Send") on which one clicks (with a mouse or its equivalent) or taps to transmit an email or other electronic message.	An operation in which data is transmitted.
large	adj	Abundant; ample.	Crossing the line of a ship's course in a favorable direction; said of the wind when it is abeam, or between the beam and the quarter.	Free; unencumbered.	Full in statement; diffuse; profuse.	Of considerable or relatively great size or extent.	That is large (the manufactured size).	Unrestrained by decorum; said of language.
large	noun	A thousand dollars/pounds.	An item labelled or denoted as being that size.	An old musical note, equal to two longas, four breves, or eight semibreves.	Liberality, generosity.	One of several common sizes to which an item may be manufactured.	One who fits an item of that size.
large	adv	Before the wind.
phone	noun	A device for transmitting conversations and other sounds in real time across distances, now often a small portable unit also capable of running software etc.	A person's telephone number (as a means of contact); digits.	A speech segment that possesses distinct physical or perceptual properties, considered as a physical event without regard to its place in the phonology of a language.
phone	verb	To call (someone) using a telephone.
fire	noun	A (usually self-sustaining) chemical reaction involving the bonding of oxygen with carbon or other fuel, with the production of heat and the presence of flame or smouldering.	A barrage, volley	A firearm.	A heater or stove used in place of a real fire (such as an electric fire).	A planned bombardment by artillery or similar weapons, or the capability to deliver such.	A severe trial; anything inflaming or provoking.	An instance of firing one or more rocket engines.	An instance of this chemical reaction, especially when intentionally created and maintained in a specific location to a useful end (such as a campfire or a hearth fire).	Liveliness of imagination or fancy; intellectual and moral enthusiasm.	Red coloration in a piece of opal.	Splendour; brilliancy; lustre; hence, a star.	Strength of passion, whether love or hate.	The aforementioned chemical reaction of burning, considered one of the Classical elements or basic elements of alchemy.	The bullets or other projectiles fired from a gun or other ranged weapon.	The capacity of a gemstone, especially a faceted, cut gemstone, that is transparent to visible light, to disperse white light into its multispectral component parts, resulting in a flash of different colors, the richness and dispersion of which increases the gemstone's value.	The elements necessary to start a fire.	The occurrence, often accidental, of fire in a certain place, causing damage and danger.
fire	adj	Amazing; excellent.
fire	verb	Of a horse: to race ahead with a burst of energy.	To animate; to give life or spirit to.	To be irritated or inflamed with passion.	To catch fire; to be kindled.	To cause an action potential in a cell.	To cauterize (a horse, or a part of its body).	To drive away by setting a fire.	To feed or serve the fire of.	To forcibly direct (something).	To heat as with fire, but without setting on fire, as ceramic, metal objects, etc.	To inflame; to irritate, as the passions.	To initiate an event (by means of an event handler).	To light up as if by fire; to illuminate.	To operate a rocket engine to produce thrust.	To set (something, often a building) on fire.	To set off an explosive in a mine.	To shoot (a gun, rocket/missile, or analogous device).	To shoot a gun, cannon, or similar weapon.	To shoot; to attempt to score a goal.	To start (an engine).	To terminate a contract with a client; to drop a client.	To terminate the employment contract of (an employee), especially for cause (such as misconduct, incompetence, or poor performance).	To work as a fireman, one who keeps the fire under a steam boiler on a steam-powered ship or train.
fire	intj	Command to shoot with firearms.
sound	adj	Complete, solid, or secure.	Founded in law; legal; valid; not defective.	Good; acceptable; decent.	Having the property of soundness.	Healthy.	Heavy; laid on with force.	Quiet and deep.
sound	adv	Soundly.
sound	intj	Yes; used to show agreement or understanding.
sound	noun	A distinctive style and sonority of a particular musician, orchestra etc.	A long narrow inlet, or a strait between the mainland and an island; also, a strait connecting two seas, or connecting a sea or lake with the ocean.	A long, thin probe for sounding or dilating body cavities or canals such as the urethra; a sonde.	A segment as a part of spoken language, the smallest unit of spoken language, a speech sound.	A sensation perceived by the ear caused by the vibration of air or some other medium.	A vibration capable of causing such sensations.	Earshot, distance within which a certain noise may be heard.	Noise without meaning; empty noise.	The air bladder of a fish.
sound	verb	Of a whale, to dive downwards.	To arise or to be recognizable as arising in or from a particular area of law, or as likely to result in a particular kind of legal remedy.	To ascertain, or to try to ascertain, the thoughts, motives, and purposes of (a person); to examine; to try; to test; to probe.	To be conveyed in sound; to be spread or published; to convey intelligence by sound.	To cause to produce a sound.	To convey an impression by one's sound.	To examine with the instrument called a sound or sonde, or by auscultation or percussion.	To fathom or test; to ascertain the depth of water with a sounding line or other device.	To produce a sound.	To pronounce.	To resound.
against	prep	As a charge on.	As counterbalance to.	As protection from.	Close to, alongside.	Contrary to; in conflict with.	Exposed to.	In a contrary direction to.	In anticipation of; in preparation for (a particular time, event etc.).	In competition with, versus.	In contrast or comparison with.	In exchange for.	In front of; before (a background).	In opposition to.	In physical contact with, so as to abut or be supported by.	In physical opposition to; in collision with.	Of betting odds, denoting a worse-than-even chance.	To be paid now in contrast to the following amount to be paid later under specified circumstances, usually that a movie is made or has started filming.
against	conj	By the time that (something happened); before.
difficult	adj	Hard to manage, uncooperative, troublesome.	Hard, not easy, requiring much effort.	Unable or unwilling.
difficult	verb	To make difficult; to impede; to perplex.
Japanese	adj	Of or relating to the Yamato people.	Of, relating to, derived from, or characteristic of Japan, its people, language, or culture.
Japanese	noun	A person living in or originating from Japan, or of Japanese ancestry.	Ellipsis of Japanese food.
Japanese	name	A language that is primarily spoken in East Asia and is the official language of Japan.
tired	verb	simple past and past participle of tire
tired	adj	Alternative form of tyred.	Fed up, annoyed, irritated, sick of.	In need of some rest or sleep.	Old and worn.	Overused, cliché.	Played out, ineffectual; incompetent
ago	postp	Before now, before the present time
ago	adj	Gone; gone by; gone away; passed; passed away.	Nearly gone; dead. (used in Devonshire at the turn of the 19th century)
game	noun	A field of gainful activity, as an industry or profession.	A particular instance of playing a game.	A playful activity that may be unstructured; an amusement or pastime.	A playful or competitive activity.	A questionable or unethical practice in pursuit of a goal.	A school subject during which sports are practised.	An activity described by a set of rules, especially for the purpose of entertainment, often competitive or having an explicit goal.	An exercise simulating warfare, whether computerized or involving human participants.	Diversion, entertainment.	Ellipsis of video game.	In some games, a point awarded to the player whose cards add up to the largest sum.	Lovemaking, flirtation.	Mastery; the ability to excel at something.	One's manner, style, or performance in playing a game.	Prostitution. (Now chiefly in on the game.)	Something that resembles a game with rules, despite not being designed.	That which is gained, such as the stake in a game.	The ability to seduce or woo someone, usually by strategy.	The equipment that enables such activity, particularly as packaged under a title.	The number of points necessary to win a game.	Wild animals hunted for food.
game	adj	Injured, lame.	Persistent, especially in senses similar to the above.	That shows a tendency to continue to fight against another animal, despite being wounded, often severely.	Willing and able to participate.
game	verb	To exploit loopholes in a system or bureaucracy in a way which defeats or nullifies the spirit of the rules in effect, usually to obtain a result which otherwise would be unobtainable.	To gamble.	To perform premeditated seduction strategy.	To play card games, board games, or video games.
bear	noun	A block covered with coarse matting, used to scour the deck.	A koala (bear).	A large, generally omnivorous mammal (a few species are purely carnivorous or herbivorous), having shaggy fur, a very small tail, and flat feet; a member of the family Ursidae.	A large, hairy man, especially one who is homosexual.	A portable punching machine.	A rough, unmannerly, uncouth person.	A state policeman (short for Smokey Bear).	Alternative spelling of bere (“barley”).	Alternative spelling of bere (“pillowcase”).	An investor who sells commodities, securities, or futures in anticipation of a fall in prices.	Something difficult or tiresome; a burden or chore.	The fifteenth Lenormand card.	The meat of this animal.
bear	verb	Of a weapon, to be aimed at an enemy or other target.	To admit or be capable of (a meaning); to suffer or sustain without violence, injury, or change.	To afford, to be something to someone, to supply with something.	To be, or head, in a specific direction or azimuth (from somewhere).	To behave or conduct (oneself).	To carry (offspring in the womb), to be pregnant (with).	To carry (weapons, flags or symbols of rank, office, etc.) upon one's person, especially visibly; to be equipped with (weapons, etc.).	To carry a burden or burdens.	To carry on, or maintain; to have.	To carry or convey, literally or figuratively.	To carry or hold in the mind; to experience, entertain, harbour (an idea, feeling, or emotion).	To display (a particular heraldic device) on a shield or coat of arms; to be entitled to wear or use (a heraldic device) as a coat of arms.	To endeavour to depress the price of, or prices in.	To endure or withstand (hardship, scrutiny, etc.); to tolerate; to be patient (with).	To feel and show (respect, reverence, loyalty, etc.) to, towards, or unto a person or thing.	To gain or win.	To give (written or oral testimony or evidence); (figurative) to provide or constitute (evidence or proof), give witness.	To give birth to (someone or something) (may take the father of the direct object as an indirect object).	To have (a certain meaning, intent, or effect).	To have (a name, title, or designation).	To have (a relation, correspondence, etc.) to something else.	To have (an appendage, organ, etc.) as part of the body; (of a part of the body) to have (an appendage).	To have (interest or a specified rate of interest) stipulated in its terms.	To have or display (a mark or other feature).	To possess and use, to exercise (power or influence); to hold (an office, rank, or position).	To possess inherently (a quality, attribute, power, or capacity); to have and display as an essential characteristic.	To possess or enjoy (recognition, renown, a reputation, etc.); to have (a particular price, value, or worth).	To present or exhibit (a particular outward appearance); to have (a certain look).	To press or impinge upon.	To produce or yield something, such as fruit or crops.	To produce, yield, give birth to.	To push, thrust, press.	To support or sustain; to hold up.	To support, keep up, or maintain.	To support, sustain, or endure.	To sustain, or be answerable for (blame, expense, responsibility, etc.).	To take effect; to have influence or force; to be relevant.	To take or bring (a person) with oneself; to conduct.	To warrant, justify the need for.	To wear (garments, pieces of jewellery, etc.).
bear	adj	Characterized by declining prices in securities markets or by belief that the prices will fall.
miss	verb	To avoid hitting.	To avoid or escape.	To be absent, deficient, or wanting.	To be too late to connect with or meet something or someone (a means of transportation, a deadline, etc.).	To be wanting; to lack something that should be present (see also adjectival missing).	To become aware of the loss or absence of; to feel the want or need of, sometimes with regret; to feel sadness at the absence of somebody or something.	To fail to achieve or attain.	To fail to experience, attend, partake, take advantage of, etc.	To fail to help the hand of a player.	To fail to hit, catch, grasp, etc.	To fail to notice; to have a shortcoming of perception; overlook.	To fail to score (a goal).	To fail to understand.	To go wrong; to err.	To spare someone of something unwanted or undesirable.
miss	noun	A failure to obtain or accomplish something; a failure to succeed.	A failure to physically hit.	A foul shot that fails to hit the target ball, where the player has, in the referee's judgement, not made every effort to play a legal shot; in addition to conceding points for the foul, the player can be made to play the shot again.	A kept woman; a mistress.	A term of address by a student for a female teacher, especially one using their maiden name.	A title of respect for an unmarried woman with or without a name used.	An act of avoidance (usually used with the verb give).	An unmarried woman; a girl.	Error, fault; misdeed, wrongdoing, sin.	Hurt or harm from a mistake or accident.	In the game of three-card loo, an extra hand, dealt on the table, which may be substituted for the hand dealt to a player.	Loss, lack want; hence, the feeling of loss.	Someone or something whose loss or absence is felt.	The situation where an item is not found in a cache and therefore needs to be explicitly loaded.
movie	noun	A cinema; a movie theatre.	A recorded sequence of images displayed on a screen at a rate sufficiently fast to create the appearance of motion; a film.	An extremely fun and exciting experience.	Any event, especially one that is unpleasant or tiresome.
Ill	name	A river in France, tributary to the Rhine.
head	noun	A beginning or end, a protuberance.	A buildup of fluid pressure, often quantified as pressure head.	A clump of seeds, leaves or flowers; a capitulum.	A component.	A drum head, the membrane which is hit to produce sound.	A headache; especially one resulting from intoxication.	A headdress; a covering for the head.	A headland.	A headteacher.	A heavy or habitual user of illicit drugs.	A leader or expert.	A leading component.	A machine element which reads or writes electromagnetic signals to or from a storage medium.	A milling head, a part of a milling machine that houses the spindle.	A morpheme that determines the category of a compound or the word that determines the syntactic type of the phrase of which it is a member.	A person with an extensive knowledge of hip hop.	A significant or important part.	A single animal; measure word for livestock and game.	A title or heading in a book or other document.	An ear of wheat, barley, or other small cereal.	An individual person.	Denouement; crisis.	Deposits near the top of a geological succession.	Ellipsis of headline.	Fellatio or cunnilingus; oral sex.	Headway; progress.	Mental or emotional aptitude or skill.	Mind; one's own thoughts.	More generally, energy in a mass of fluid divided by its weight.	Power; armed force.	Pressure and energy.	The antlers of a deer.	The bow of a vessel.	The cylinder head, a platform above the cylinders in an internal combustion engine, containing the valves and spark plugs.	The difference in elevation between two points in a column of fluid, and the resulting pressure of the fluid at the lower point.	The end cap of a cask or other barrel.	The end cap of a cylindrically-shaped pressure vessel.	The end of a hammer, axe, golf club, or similar implement used for striking other objects.	The end of a nail, screw, bolt, or similar fastener which is opposite the point; usually blunt and relatively wide.	The end of a pool table opposite the end where the balls have been racked.	The end of a rectangular table furthest from the entrance; traditionally considered a seat of honor.	The end of a table.	The end of an abscess where pus collects.	The first fraction of a distillation run, having a low boiling point.	The foam that forms on top of beer or other carbonated beverages.	The glans penis.	The headstock of a guitar.	The leafy top part of a tree.	The part of a disk drive responsible for reading and writing data.	The part of the body of an animal or human which contains the brain, mouth, and main sense organs.	The place of honor or command; the most important or foremost position; the front.	The population of game.	The principal melody or theme of a piece.	The principal operative part of a machine or tool.	The rounded part of a bone fitting into a depression in another bone to form a ball-and-socket joint.	The sharp end of an arrow, spear, or pointer.	The source of a river; the end of a lake where a river flows into it.	The toilet of a ship.	The top edge of a sail.	The top part of a lacrosse stick that holds the ball.	The topmost, foremost, or leading part.	The uppermost part of a valley.	Tiles laid at the eaves of a house.	To do with heads.	Topic; subject.
head	adj	Coming from in front.	Foremost in rank or importance.	Of, relating to, or intended for the head.	Placed at the top or the front.
head	verb	To be in command of. (See also head up.)	To behead; to decapitate.	To check or restrain.	To come at the beginning or front of; to commence.	To cut off the top of; to lop off.	To form a head (on or to); to fit or furnish (something) with a head.	To form a head.	To get in the front of, so as to hinder or stop; to oppose.	To go in front of.	To move in a specified direction.	To originate; to spring; to have its course, as a river.	To remove the head from (a fish).	To set on the head.	To strike with the head
light	noun	A cigarette lighter.	A cross-light in a double acrostic or triple acrostic.	A firework made by filling a case with a substance which burns brilliantly with a white or coloured flame.	A flame or something used to create fire.	A lightbulb or similar light-emitting device, regardless of whether it is lit.	A low-alcohol lager.	A member of the light cavalry.	A notable person within a specific field or discipline.	A point of view, or aspect from which a concept, person or thing is regarded.	A source of illumination.	A stone that is not thrown hard enough.	A traffic light, or (by extension) an intersection controlled by traffic lights.	A window in architecture, carriage design, or motor car design: either the opening itself or the window pane of glass that fills it, if any.	Electromagnetic radiation in the wavelength range visible to the human eye (about 400–750 nanometers); visible light.	Facts; pieces of information; ideas, concepts.	Infrared or ultraviolet radiation.	Open view; a visible state or condition; public observation; publicity.	See lights (“lungs”).	Spiritual or mental illumination; enlightenment, useful information.	The brightness of the eye or eyes.	The manner in which the light strikes a picture; that part of a picture which represents those objects upon which the light is supposed to fall; the more illuminated part of a landscape or other scene; opposed to shade.	The power of perception by vision: eyesight (sightedness; vision).	The series of squares reserved for the answer to a crossword clue.
light	verb	To alight; to land or come down.	To attend or conduct with a light; to show the way to by means of a light.	To become ignited; to take fire.	To find by chance.	To illuminate; to provide light for when it is dark.	To leave; to depart.	To lighten; to ease of a burden; to take off.	To make (a bonus) available to be collected by hitting a target, and thus light up the feature light corresponding to that bonus to indicate its availability.	To set fire to; to set burning.	To start (a fire).	To stop upon (of eyes or a glance); to notice	To unload a ship, or to jettison material to make it lighter
light	adj	Cheerful.	Easily influenced by trifling considerations; unsteady; unsettled; volatile.	Easily interrupted by stimulation.	Easy to endure or perform.	Free from burden or impediment; unencumbered.	Gentle; having little force or momentum.	Having light; bright; clear; not dark or obscure.	Having little or relatively little actual weight; not cumbrous or unwieldy.	Having little weight as compared with bulk; of little density or specific gravity.	Indulging in, or inclined to, levity; lacking dignity or solemnity; frivolous; airy.	Lacking that which burdens or makes heavy.	Lightly built; typically designed for speed or small loads.	Low in fat, calories, alcohol, salt, etc.	Not encumbered; unembarrassed; clear of impediments; hence, active; nimble; swift.	Not heavily armed; armed with light weapons.	Not heavy or soggy; spongy; well raised.	Not quite sound or normal; somewhat impaired or deranged; dizzy; giddy.	Of short or insufficient weight; weighing less than the legal, standard, or proper amount; clipped or diminished.	Pale or whitish in color; highly luminous and more or less deficient in chroma.	Riding high because of no cargo; by extension, pertaining to a ship which is light.	Served with extra milk or cream.	Slight, not forceful or intense; small in amount or intensity.	Unchaste, wanton.	Unimportant, trivial, having little value or significance.	With low viscosity.	Without any piece of equipment attached or attached only to a caboose.
light	adv	Carrying little.
fast	adj	Able to transfer data in a short period of time.	Ahead of the correct time or schedule.	Causing unusual rapidity of play or action.	Deep or sound (of sleep); fast asleep (of people).	Firm against attack; fortified by nature or art; impregnable; strong.	Firmly or securely fixed in place; stable.	Having a kinetic energy between 1 million and 20 million electron volts; often used to describe the energy state of free neutrons at the moment of their release by a nuclear fission or nuclear fusion reaction (i.e., before the neutrons have been slowed down by anything).	Having an extravagant lifestyle or immoral habits.	More sensitive to light than average.	Moving with great speed, or capable of doing so; swift, rapid.	Not running or fading when subjected to detrimental conditions such as wetness or intense light; permanent.	Of a place, characterised by business, hustle and bustle, etc.	Steadfast, with unwavering feeling. (Now mostly in set phrases like fast friend(s).)	Tenacious; retentive.	Uncharacteristically mature or promiscuous for one's age.
fast	noun	A train that calls at only some stations it passes between its origin and destination, typically just the principal stations.	Any of the fasting periods in the liturgical year.	The act or practice of fasting, religious abstinence from food.
fast	intj	Ellipsis of stand fast, a warning not to pass between the arrow and the target.
fast	adv	Ahead of the correct time or schedule.	Deeply or soundly .	Immediately following in place or time; close, very near .	In a firm or secure manner, securely; in such a way as not to be moved; safe, sound .	Quickly, with great speed; within a short time .
fast	verb	To cause (a person or animal) to abstain, especially from eating.	To practice religious abstinence, especially from food.	To reduce or limit one's nutrition intake for medical or health reasons, to diet.
between	prep	Combined (by effort or ownership).	Done together or reciprocally.	In the position or interval that separates (two things), or intermediate in quantity or degree. (See Usage notes below.)	In transit from (one to the other, or connecting places).	One of (representing a choice).	Shared in confidence.	Taking together the combined effect of.
between	noun	A kind of needle, shorter than a sharp, with a small rounded eye, used for making fine stitches on heavy fabrics.
youd		
number	noun	A group of people.	A large amount, in contrast to a smaller amount; numerical preponderance.	A marijuana cigarette, or joint; also, a quantity of marijuana bought from a dealer.	A numeral: a symbol for a non-negative integer.	A performance; especially, a single song or song and dance routine within a larger show.	A person.	A sequence of digits and letters used to register people, automobiles, and various other items.	A telephone number.	An abstract entity used to describe quantity.	An activity; assignment; job, as in cushy number.	An element of one of several sets: natural numbers, integers, rational numbers, real numbers, complex numbers, and sometimes extensions such as hypercomplex numbers, etc.	An issue of a periodical publication.	An outfit, particularly a stylish one.	Indicating the position of something in a list or sequence. Abbreviations: No or No., no or no. (in each case, sometimes written with a superscript "o", like Nº or №). The symbol "#" is also used in this manner.	Of a word or phrase, the state of being singular, dual or plural, shown by inflection.	Poetic metres; verses, rhymes.	Quantity.
number	verb	To be classified or included (in a certain group or category of things).	To call out and assign a series of numbers (usually to people), either for the sake of dividing into groups or for counting.	To classify or include (in a group of things)	To count; to determine the quantity of.	To enumerate or list, especially while assigning numbers to.	To label (items) with numbers; to assign numbers to (items).	To limit to a certain number; to reckon (as by fate) to be few in number.	To total or count; to amount to.
number	adj	comparative form of numb: more numb
town	noun	A farm or farmstead; also, a court or farmyard.	A major city, especially one where the speaker is located.	A municipal organization, such as a corporation, defined by the laws of the entity of which it is a part.	A rural settlement in which a market was held at least once a week.	A settlement; an area with residential districts, shops and amenities, and its own local government; especially one larger than a village and smaller than a city, historically enclosed by a fence or walls, with total populations ranging from several hundred to more than a hundred thousand (as of the early 21st century)	A townhouse.	An enclosure which surrounded the mere homestead or dwelling of the lord of the manor; by extension, the whole of the land which constituted the domain.	Any more urbanized centre than the place of reference.	London, especially central London.	The residents (as opposed to gown: the students, faculty, etc.) of a community which is the site of a university.	Used to refer to a town or similar entity under discussion.
hate	noun	An object of hatred.	Bigotry.	Hatred.	Negative feedback, abusive behaviour.
hate	verb	To dislike intensely or greatly.	To experience hatred.	Used in a phrasal verb: hate on.
business	noun	A particular situation or activity.	A person's occupation, work, or trade.	A specific commercial enterprise or establishment.	Any activity or objective needing to be dealt with; especially, one of a financial or legal matter.	Business class, the class of seating provided by airlines between first class and coach.	Commercial, industrial, or professional activity.	Disruptive shenanigans.	Ellipsis of stage business (“aspect of acting”).	Matters that come before a body for deliberation or action.	Matters.	One's dealings; patronage.	Private commercial interests taken collectively.	Something involving one personally.	Something very good; top quality. (possibly from "the bee's knees")	The act of defecation, or the excrement itself, particularly that of a non-human animal.	The collective noun for a group of ferrets.	The management of commercial enterprises, or the study of such management.	The volume or amount of commercial trade.
business	adj	Of, to, pertaining to, or used for purposes of conducting trade, commerce, governance, advocacy or other professional purposes.	Professional, businesslike, having concern for good business practice.	Supporting business, conducive to the conduct of business.
news	noun	Information about current events disseminated by the media.	Messages posted on newsgroups.	New information of interest.
news	verb	To report; to make known.
chance	noun	An opportunity or possibility.	Random occurrence; luck.	The probability of something happening.	What befalls or happens to a person; their lot or fate.	probability; possibility.
chance	adj	Happening by chance, casual.
chance	adv	Perchance; perhaps.
chance	verb	To befall; to happen to.	To discover something by chance.	To happen by chance, to occur.	To rob, cheat or swindle someone.	To take an opportunity from someone; to cut a queue.	To try or risk.
police	noun	A branch of the Home Office responsible for general law enforcement within a specific territory.	A department of local (usually municipal) government responsible for general law enforcement.	A public agency charged with enforcing laws and maintaining public order, usually being granted special privileges to do so, particularly	Alternative form of policy.	Alternative form of polity, civilization, a regulated community.	Any of the formally enacted law enforcement agencies at various levels of government.	Cleanup of a military facility, as a formal duty.	People who try to enforce norms or standards as if granted authority similar to the police.	Synonym of administration, the regulation of a community or society.	The staff of such a department or agency, particularly its officers; (regional, chiefly US, Caribbean, Jamaica, Scotland, countable) an individual police officer.
police	verb	To clean up an area.	To enforce norms or standards upon.	To enforce the law and keep order among (a group).
hurt	verb	To be painful.	To cause (a person or animal) physical pain and/or injury.	To cause (somebody) emotional pain.	To damage, harm, impair, undermine, impede.
hurt	adj	Feeling physical or emotional pain.	Wounded, physically injured.
hurt	noun	A band on a trip hammer's helve, bearing the trunnions.	A bodily injury causing pain; a wound or bruise.	A husk.	A roundel azure (blue circular spot).	An emotional or psychological humiliation or bad experience.	Injury; damage; detriment; harm
cry	verb	Hence, to publish the banns of, as for marriage.	To cause to do something, or bring to some state, by crying or weeping.	To forcefully attract attention or proclaim one’s presence.	To make oral and public proclamation of; to notify or advertise by outcry, especially things lost or found, goods to be sold, auctioned, etc.	To shed tears; to weep. Especially in anger or sadness	To shout, scream, yell.	To utter inarticulate sounds, as animals do.	To utter loudly; to call out; to declare publicly.
cry	noun	A clamour or outcry.	A desperate or urgent request.	A group of hounds.	A pack or company of people.	A shedding of tears; the act of crying.	A shout or scream.	A typical sound made by the species in question.	Common report; gossip.	Words shouted or screamed.
surprise	noun	A mess of feces, left by a pet or small child in an unexpected place or at an unexpected time.	Something unexpected.	The feeling that something unexpected has happened.
surprise	verb	To attack unexpectedly.	To cause (someone) to feel unusually alarmed or delighted by something unexpected.	To cause surprise.	To do something to (a person) that they are not expecting, as a surprise.	To take unawares.	To undergo or witness something unexpected.
surprise	intj	Drawing attention to a surprising action by oneself.	Sarcastically drawing attention to something that should have been obvious.
under	prep	Below the surface of.	Beneath; below; at or to the bottom of, or the area covered or surmounted by.	From one side of to the other, passing beneath.	In the face of; in response to (some attacking force).	Less than.	Subject to.	Subordinate to; subject to the control of; in accordance with; in compliance with.	Using or adopting (a name, identity, etc.).	Within the category, classification or heading of.
under	adv	Down to defeat, ruin, or death.	In or into an unconscious state.	In or to a lower or subordinate position, or a position beneath or below something, physically or figuratively.	Less than what is necessary to be adequate or suitable; insufficient.	So as to pass beneath something.
under	adj	Having a particular property that is low, especially so as to be insufficient or lacking in a particular respect.	In a state of subordination, submission or defeat.	Lower; beneath something.	Under anesthesia, especially general anesthesia; sedated.
under	noun	A bet that a particular sporting statistic, such as points scored in a game, will be below a certain stated value.	Something having a particular property that is low or too low.	The amount by which an actual total is less than the expected or required amount.
follow	verb	To be a logical consequence of something.	To carry out (orders, instructions, etc.).	To go after; to pursue; to move behind in the same path or direction, especially with the intent of catching.	To go or come after in a sequence.	To live one's life according to (religion, teachings, etc).	To subscribe to see content from an account on a social media platform.	To understand, to pay attention to.	To walk in, as a road or course; to attend upon closely, as a profession or calling.	To watch, to keep track of (reports of) some event or person.
follow	noun	In billiards and similar games, a stroke causing a ball to follow another ball after hitting it.	The act of following another user's online activity.
tree	noun	A connected graph with no cycles or, if the graph is finite, equivalently a connected graph with n vertices and n−1 edges.	A cross or gallows.	A device used to hold or stretch a shoe open.	A display or listing of entries or elements such that there are primary and secondary entries shown, usually linked by drawn lines or by indenting to the right.	A mass of crystals, aggregated in arborescent forms, obtained by precipitation of a metal from solution.	A perennial woody plant taller and larger than a shrub with a wooden trunk and, at some distance from the ground, having leaves and branches.	A recursive data structure in which each node has zero or more nodes as children.	Alternative letter-case form of TREE.	An object made from a tree trunk and having multiple hooks or storage platforms.	Any other plant (such as a large shrub or herb) that is reminiscent of the above in form and size.	Any structure or construct having branches representing divergence or possible choices.	Marijuana.	The fifth Lenormand card.	The structural frame of a saddle.	The structure or wooden frame used in the construction of a saddle used in horse riding.
tree	verb	To chase (an animal or person) up a tree.	To place in a tree.	To place upon a shoe tree; to fit with a shoe tree; to stretch upon a shoe tree.	To take refuge in a tree.
five	num	A numerical value equal to 5; the number following four and preceding six.	Describing a group or set with five elements.
five	noun	A banknote with a denomination of five units of currency. See also fiver.	A basketball team, club or lineup.	A person who is five years old.	A short rest, especially one of five minutes.	Anything measuring five units, as length.	Five o'clock.	The digit/figure 5.
enjoy	verb	To be satisfied or receive pleasure.	To have sexual intercourse with.	To have the use or benefit of something.	To receive pleasure or satisfaction from something.
music	noun	A guide to playing or singing a particular tune; sheet music.	A series of sounds organized in time, usually employing some combination of harmony, melody, rhythm, tempo, etc., often to convey a mood.	An art form, created by organizing pitch, rhythm, and sounds made using musical instruments and/or singing.	Any interesting or pleasing sounds.	Electronic signal jamming.	Fun; amusement.	Heated argument.
music	verb	To seduce or entice with music.
music	adj	Musical.
anymore	adv	Alternative form of any more.
tonight	adv	During the night following the current day; during the evening of today.	Last night.
tonight	noun	The nighttime of the current day or date; this night.
ready	adj	Inclined; apt to happen.	Liable at any moment.	Not slow or hesitating; quick in action or perception of any kind.	Offering itself at once; at hand; opportune; convenient.	Prepared for immediate action or use.
ready	verb	To prepare; to make ready for action.
ready	noun	Ready money; cash.
reason	noun	A cause:	A motive for an action or a determination.	A premise placed after its conclusion.	A wall plate.	An excuse: a thought or a consideration offered in support of a determination or an opinion; that which is offered or accepted as an explanation.	Ratio; proportion.	Rational thinking (or the capacity for it); the cognitive faculties, collectively, of conception, judgment, deduction and intuition.	Something reasonable, in accordance with thought; justice.	That which causes something: an efficient cause, a proximate cause.
reason	verb	To arrange and present the reasons for or against; to examine or discuss by arguments; to debate or discuss.	To converse; to compare opinions.	To deduce or come to a conclusion by being rational.	To find by logical process; to explain or justify by reason or argument.	To overcome or conquer by adducing reasons.	To perform a process of deduction or of induction, in order to convince or to confute; to argue.	To persuade by reasoning or argument.	To support with reasons, as a request.
part	noun	3.5 centiliters of one ingredient in a mixed drink.	A constituent of character or capacity; quality; faculty; talent; usually in the plural with a collective sense.	A distinct element of something larger.	A factor.	A fraction of a whole.	A group inside a larger group.	A portion; a component.	A room in a public building, especially a courtroom.	A section of a document.	A section of land; an area of a country or other territory; region.	A unit of relative proportion in a mixture.	Duty; responsibility.	Each of two contrasting sides of an argument, debate etc.; "hand".	In the Hebrew lunisolar calendar, a unit of time equivalent to 3⅓ seconds.	Position or role (especially in a play).	Share, especially of a profit.	The dividing line formed by combing the hair in different directions.	The melody played or sung by a particular instrument, voice, or group of instruments or voices, within a polyphonic piece.
part	verb	To be divided in two or separated.	To cut hair with a parting.	To divide in two.	To divide up; to share.	To have a part or share; to partake.	To hold apart; to stand or intervene between.	To leave (an IRC channel).	To leave the company of.	To leave; to quit.	To separate by a process of extraction, elimination, or secretion.	To separate or disunite; to remove from contact or contiguity; to sunder.
part	adj	Fractional; partial.
part	adv	Partly; partially; fractionally.	to a partial degree.
worry	verb	Disturb the peace of mind of; afflict with mental agitation or distress; to exercise.	To be troubled; to give way to mental anxiety or doubt.	To harass; to irritate or distress.	To seize or shake by the throat, especially of a dog or wolf.	To strangle.	To touch repeatedly, to fiddle with.
worry	noun	A person who causes worry.	A strong feeling of anxiety.	An instance or cause of such a feeling.
table	noun	A booth or display at an event such as an exposition or fair.	A collection of arithmetic calculations arranged in a table, such as multiplications in a multiplication table.	A flat gravestone supported on pillars.	A flat tray which can be used as a table.	A group of diners at a given table or tables.	A group of people at a table, for example, for a meal, meeting or game.	A group of players meeting regularly to play a campaign.	A lookup table, most often a set of vectors.	A matrix or grid of data arranged in rows and columns.	A service of Holy Communion.	A supply of food or entertainment.	A two-dimensional presentation of data.	A visual representation of a classification of teams or individuals based on their success over a predetermined period.	A wide, flat obstacle for a horse to jump over.	A writing tablet.	An item of furniture with a flat top surface raised above the ground, usually on one or more legs.	Furniture with a top surface to accommodate a variety of uses.	One half of a backgammon board, which is divided into the inner and outer table.	The board or table-like furniture on which a game is played, such as snooker, billiards, or draughts.	The flat topmost facet of a cut diamond.	The lineup of players at a given table.	The top of a stringed instrument, particularly a member of the violin family: the side of the instrument against which the strings vibrate.
table	verb	To delineate; to represent, as in a picture; to depict.	To join (pieces of timber) together using coaks.	To make board hems in the skirts and bottoms of (sails) in order to strengthen them in the part attached to the bolt-rope.	To put on a table.	To put on the table of a commission or legislative assembly; to propose for formal discussion or consideration, to put on the agenda.	To remove from the agenda, to postpone dealing with; to shelve (to indefinitely postpone consideration or discussion of something).	To represent a company or organization (at an exposition, fair, etc.), usually at a booth or display.	To show one's cards face-up, especially during showdown.	To supply (a guest, client etc.) with food at a table; to feed.	To tabulate; to put into a table or grid.
promise	noun	A placeholder object representing the eventual result of an asynchronous operation.	A transaction between two persons whereby the first person undertakes in the future to render some service or gift to the second person or devotes something valuable now and here to his use.	Reason to expect improvement or success; potential.	an oath or affirmation; a vow.	bestowal or fulfillment of what is promised
promise	verb	To commit to (some action or outcome), or to assure (a person) of such commitment; to make an oath or vow.	To give grounds for expectation, especially of something good.
point	noun	A decimal point (now especially when reading decimal fractions aloud).	A distinguishing quality or characteristic.	A dot or mark used to designate certain tones or time. In ancient music, it distinguished or characterized certain tones or styles (points of perfection, of augmentation, etc.). In modern music, it is placed on the right of a note to raise its value, or prolong its time, by one half.	A fielding position square of the wicket on the off side, between gully and cover.	A focus of conversation or consideration; the main idea.	A full stop or other terminal punctuation mark.	A movement executed with the sabre or foil.	A note; a tune.	A particular moment in an event or occurrence; a juncture.	A peninsula or promontory.	A purpose or objective, which makes something meaningful.	A railroad switch.	A sharp extremity.	A short piece of cordage used in reefing sails.	A small discrete division or individual feature of something.	A small dot or mark.	A spearhead or similar object hafted to a handle.	A specific location or place, seen as a spatial position.	A spot to which a straight run is made; hence, a straight run from point to point; a cross-country run.	A string or lace used to tie together certain garments.	A tenth; formerly also a twelfth.	A tine or snag of an antler.	A tiny amount of time; a moment.	A topic of discussion or debate; a proposition; a count	A unit of bearing equal to one thirty-second of a circle, i.e. 11.25°.	A unit of measure equal to 1/12 of a pica, or approximately 1/72 of an inch (exactly 1/72 of an inch in the digital era).	A unit of measure for rain, equal to 0.254 mm or 0.01 of an inch.	A unit of scoring in a game or competition.	A unit of various numerical parameters used in a game, e.g. health, experience, stamina, mana.	A unit used to express differences in prices of stocks and shares.	A vaccine point.	A zero-dimensional mathematical object representing a location in one or more dimensions; something considered to have position but no magnitude or direction.	An area of contrasting colour on an animal, especially a dog; a marking.	An electric power socket.	An individual element in a larger whole; a particular detail, thought, or quality.	An item of private information; a hint; a tip; a pointer.	An object which has a sharp or tapering tip.	An operational or public leadership position in a risky endeavor.	An ordinary similar to a pile (but sometimes shorter), extending upward from the base. (Often termed a point pointed.)	Any projecting extremity of an object.	Condition, state.	Each of the main directions on a compass, usually considered to be 32 in number; a direction.	Each of the marks or strokes written above letters, especially in Semitic languages, to indicate vowels, stress etc.	Each of the twelve triangular positions in either table of a backgammon board, on which the stones are played.	Either of the two metal surfaces in a distributor which close or open to allow or prevent the flow of current through the ignition coil. There is usually a moving point, pushed by the distributor cam, and a fixed point, and they are built together as a unit.	Ellipsis of percentage point.	Ellipsis of point man.	In various sports, a position of a certain player, or, by extension, the player occupying that position.	Lace worked by the needle.	One of the "corners" of the escutcheon: the base (bottom center) unless a qualifier is added (point dexter, point dexter base, point sinister, point sinister base), generally when separately tinctured. (Compare terrace, point champaine, enté en point.)	Pointedness of speech or writing; a penetrating or decisive quality of expression.	Something tiny, as a pinprick; a very small mark.	The act of pointing, as of the foot downward in certain dance positions.	The act of pointing.	The attitude assumed by a pointer dog when he finds game.	The chief or excellent features.	The difference between two points of the compass.	The gesture of extending the index finger in a direction in order to indicate something.	The perpendicular rising of a hawk over the place where its prey has gone into cover.	The position at the front or vanguard of an advancing force.	The position of the pitcher and catcher.	The position of the player of each side who stands a short distance in front of the goalkeeper.	The sharp tip of an object.	The smallest quantity of something; a jot, a whit.
point	verb	To appoint.	To approximate to the surface; to head.	To cut, as a surface, with a pointed tool.	To direct or encourage (someone) in a particular direction.	To direct requests sent to a domain name to the IP address corresponding to that domain name.	To direct the central processing unit to seek information at a certain location in memory.	To direct toward an object; to aim.	To draw attention to something or indicate a direction.	To extend the index finger in the direction of something in order to show where it is or to draw attention to it.	To face in a particular direction.	To fill up and finish the joints of (a wall), by introducing additional cement or mortar, and bringing it to a smooth surface.	To give a point to; to sharpen; to cut, forge, grind, or file to an acute end.	To give point to (something said or done); to give particular prominence or force to.	To indicate a probability of something.	To indicate the presence of game by a fixed and steady look, as certain hunting dogs do.	To mark with diacritics.	To repair mortar.	To sail close to the wind.	To separate an integer from a decimal with a decimal point.	To supply with punctuation marks; to punctuate.
agree	verb	To be in harmony about an opinion, statement, or action; to have a consistent idea between two or more people.	To consent to a contract or to an element of a contract.	To correspond to (another word) in a grammatical category, such as gender, number, case, or person.	To give assent; to accede	To make a stipulation by way of settling differences or determining a price; to exchange promises; to come to terms or to a common resolve; to promise.	To resemble; to coincide; to correspond; to tally.	To suit or be adapted in its effects; to do well.	To yield assent to; to approve.
carry	verb	(transitive or, rarely, intransitive) To be disproportionately responsible for a team's success or for counteracting teammates' underperformance.	For the ball, having been hit in the air, to reach a fielder without touching the ground (whether or not the fielder catches it).	In an addition, to transfer the quantity in excess of what is countable in the units in a column to the column immediately to the left in order to be added there.	To adopt (something); take (something) over.	To adopt or resolve on, especially in a deliberative assembly	To be pregnant (with).	To be transmitted; to travel.	To bear (oneself); to behave or conduct.	To bear a firearm, such as a gun.	To bear or uphold successfully, especially through conflict, for example a leader or principle	To bear the charges or burden of holding or having, as stocks, merchandise, etc., from one time to another.	To capture a ship by coming alongside and boarding.	To contain; to comprise; have a particular aspect; to show or exhibit	To convey by extension or continuance; to extend.	To get possession of by force; to capture.	To have a weapon on one's person; to be armed.	To have earth or frost stick to the feet when running, as a hare.	To have on one’s person.	To have propulsive power; to propel.	To have, hold, possess or maintain (something).	To hold the head; said of a horse.	To insult, to diss.	To lead or guide.	To lift (something) and take it to another place; to transport (something) by lifting.	To move; to convey using force	To notionally transfer from one place (such as a country, book, or column) to another.	To physically transport (in the general sense, not necessarily by lifting)	To stock or supply (something); to have in store.	To succeed in (e.g. a contest); to succeed in; to win.	To transport (the ball) whilst maintaining possession.
carry	noun	A manner of transporting or lifting something; the grip or position in which something is carried.	A tract of land over which boats or goods are carried between two bodies of navigable water; a portage.	Carried interest.	The benefit or cost of owning an asset over time.	The bit or digit that is carried in an addition operation.	The distance travelled by the ball when struck, until it hits the ground.	The sky; cloud-drift.
window	noun	A figure formed of lines crossing each other.	A function multiplied with a signal to reduce spectral leakage when performing a Fourier transform.	A period of time when something is available or possible; a limited opportunity.	A rectangular area on a computer terminal or screen containing some kind of user interface, displaying output and allowing input, often for a single task in a multitasking system.	A restricted range.	An opening, usually covered by glass, in a shop which allows people to view the shop and its products from outside; a shop window.	An opening, usually covered by one or more panes of clear glass, to allow light and air from outside to enter a building or vehicle.	Something that allows one to see through or into something	Synonym of chaff (“strips of material intended to confuse radar”)	The shutter, casement, sash with its fittings, or other framework, which closes a window opening.	The time between first infection and detectability.
window	verb	To apply a window function to (a signal).	To furnish with windows.	To place at or in a window.
suppose	verb	To imagine; to believe; to receive as true.	To put by fraud in the place of another; to substitute fraudulently.	To reckon to be, to account or esteem as.	To require to exist or to be true; to imply by the laws of thought or of nature.	To take for granted; to conclude, with less than absolute supporting data; to believe.	To theorize or hypothesize.
death	noun	A cause of great stress, exhaustion, embarrassment, or another negative condition (for someone).	Execution (in the judicial sense).	Spiritual lifelessness.	The cessation of life and all associated processes; the end of an organism's existence as an entity independent from its environment and its return to an inert, nonliving state.	The collapse or end of something.	The personification of death as a (usually male) hooded figure with a scythe; the Grim Reaper.
station	noun	A church in which the procession of the clergy halts on stated days to say stated prayers.	A device communicating over a network; a host.	A gas station, service station.	A ground transportation depot.	A harbour or cove with a foreshore suitable for a facility to support nearby fishing.	A military base.	A place used for broadcasting radio or television; the broadcasting entity itself.	A place where one performs a task or where one is on call to perform a task.	A place where one stands or stays or is assigned to stand or stay.	A place where some object is provided.	A place where workers are stationed.	A regular stopping place for ground transportation.	A stopping place.	A very large sheep or cattle farm.	An enlargement in a shaft or galley, used as a landing, or passing place, or for the accommodation of a pump, tank, etc.	An official building from which police or firefighters operate.	Any of a sequence of equally spaced points along a path.	Any of the Stations of the Cross.	In British India, the place where the English officials of a district, or the officers of a garrison (not in a fortress) reside.	Post assigned; office; the part or department of public duty which a person is appointed to perform; sphere of duty or occupation; employment.	Standing; rank; position.	The Roman Catholic fast of the fourth and sixth days of the week, Wednesday and Friday, in memory of the council which condemned Christ, and of his passion.	The apparent standing still of a superior planet just before it begins or ends its retrograde motion.	The fact of standing still; motionlessness, stasis.	The particular place, or kind of situation, in which a species naturally occurs; a habitat.	The position of the foetal head in relation to the distance from the ischial spines, measured in centimetres.
station	verb	To put in place to perform a task.	To put in place to perform military duty.
probably	adv	In all likelihood.
nobody	pron	Not any person; the logical negation of somebody.
nobody	noun	Someone who is not important or well-known.	Something that has no body or an especially small one.
grow	verb	To appear or sprout.	To assume a condition or quality over time.	To become attached or fixed; to adhere.	To become larger, to increase in magnitude.	To cause or allow something to become bigger, especially to cultivate plants.	To develop, to mature.	To undergo growth; to be present (somewhere)
fun	noun	Amusement, enjoyment or pleasure.	Playful, often noisy, activity.
fun	adj	Enjoyable or amusing.	Whimsical or flamboyant.
fun	verb	To tease, kid, poke fun at, make fun of.
angry	adj	Dark and stormy, menacing.	Displaying or feeling anger.	Inflamed and painful.
angry	verb	To anger.
dress	verb	Ellipsis of cross-dress.	Of a sportsperson: to put on the uniform and have the equipment needed to play a sport.	Of a thing: to attain a certain condition after undergoing some process or treatment to fit or prepare it for use.	Of an animal carcass: to have a certain quantity or weight after removal of the internal organs and skin; also, to have a certain appearance after being cut up and prepared for cooking.	Of soldiers or troops: to arrange into proper formation; especially, to form into straight lines and at a proper distance from each other.	To adorn or ornament (something).	To allow one's penis to fall to one side or the other within one's trousers.	To apply a dressing to or otherwise treat (a wound); (obsolete) to give (a wounded person) medical aid.	To arrange (soldiers or troops) into proper formation; especially, to adjust (soldiers or troops) into straight lines and at a proper distance from each other; to align.	To arrange a display of goods in, or to decorate (a shop or shop window).	To arrange or style (someone's hair).	To attire (oneself or someone) for a particular (especially formal) occasion, or in a fashionable manner.	To attire oneself for a particular (especially formal) occasion, or in a fashionable manner.	To break in and train (a horse or other animal) for use.	To cultivate or tend to (a garden, land, plants, etc.); especially, to add fertilizer or manure to (soil); to fertilize, to manure.	To cut up (an animal or its flesh) for food.	To design, make, or prepare costumes (for a play or other performance); also, to present (a production) in a particular costume style.	To design, make, provide, or select clothes (for someone).	To fit or prepare (something) for use; to render (something) suitable for an intended purpose; to get ready.	To ornament (a ship) by hoisting the national colours at the peak and mastheads, and setting the jack forward; when "dressed full", the signal flags and pennants are added.	To prepare (a set) by installing the props, scenery, etc.	To prepare (an artificial fly) to be attached to a fish hook.	To prepare (food) for cooking or eating, especially by seasoning it; specifically, to add a dressing or sauce (to food, especially a salad).	To prepare (oneself); to make ready.	To prepare by any of many types of physical processing (e.g., breaking, crushing, sorting, sieving, controlled burning or heating).	To prepare the surface of (a material, such as lumber or stone; a grindstone or grinding wheel).	To prepare, treat, or curry (animal hide or leather).	To put clothes (or, formerly, armour) on (oneself or someone, a doll, a mannequin, etc.); to clothe.	To put on clothes.	To remove chaff or impurities from (flour, grain, etc.) by bolting or sifting, winnowing, and other methods.	To treat (someone) in a particular manner; specifically, in an appropriate or fitting manner; (by extension, ironic) to give (someone) a deserved beating; also, to give (someone) a good scolding; to dress down.
dress	noun	An item of clothing (usually worn by a woman or young girl) which both covers the upper part of the body and includes a skirt below the waist.	An item of outer clothing or set of such clothes (worn by people of all sexes) which is generally decorative and appropriate for a particular occasion, profession, etc.	Apparel or clothing, especially when appropriate for a particular occasion, profession, etc.	Ellipsis of dress rehearsal.	The act of applying a dressing to or otherwise treating a wound; also, the dressing so applied.	The act of putting on clothes, especially fashionable ones, or for a particular (especially formal) occasion.	The appearance of an object after it has undergone some process or treatment to fit or prepare it for use; finish.	The external appearance of something, especially if intended to give a positive impression; garb, guise.	The external covering of an animal (for example, the feathers of a bird) or an object.	The system of furrows on the face of a millstone.
heart	noun	A conventional shape or symbol used to represent the heart, love, or emotion: ♥.	A muscular organ that pumps blood through the body, traditionally thought to be the seat of emotion.	A playing card of the suit hearts featuring one or more heart-shaped symbols.	A term of affectionate or kindly and familiar address.	A wight or being.	Emotional strength that allows one to continue in difficult situations; courage; spirit; a will to compete.	Memory.	One's feelings and emotions, especially considered as part of one's character.	The centre, essence, or core.	The main fraction or product of a distillation run.	The seat of the affections or sensibilities, collectively or separately, as love, hate, joy, grief, courage, etc.; rarely, the seat of the understanding or will; usually in a good sense; personality.	The twenty-fourth Lenormand card.	Vigorous and efficient activity; power of fertile production; condition of the soil, whether good or bad.
heart	verb	To be fond of. Often bracketed or abbreviated with a heart symbol.	To fill an interior with rubble, as a wall or a breakwater.	To form a dense cluster of leaves, a heart, especially of lettuce or cabbage.	To give heart to; to hearten; to encourage.	To mark a comment, post, reply, etc., with the heart symbol (❤).
sick	adj	Failing to sustain adequate harvests of crop, usually specified.	Having an urge to vomit.	In bad taste.	In poor condition.	In poor health; ill.	Mentally unstable, disturbed.	Tired of or annoyed by something [with of].	Very good, excellent, awesome, badass.
sick	noun	(especially in the phrases on the sick and on long-term sick) Any of various current or former benefits or allowances paid by the Government to support the sick, disabled or incapacitated.	Vomit.
sick	verb	Alternative spelling of sic (“set upon”).	To fall sick; to sicken.	To vomit.
also	adv	In addition; besides; as well; further; too.	To the same degree or extent; so, as.
also	conj	and in addition
hair	noun	A cellular outgrowth of the epidermis, consisting of one or of several cells, whether pointed, hooked, knobbed, or stellated.	A locking spring or other safety device in the lock of a rifle, etc., capable of being released by a slight pressure on a hair-trigger.	A pigmented filament of keratin which grows from a follicle on the skin of humans and other mammals.	A slender outgrowth from the chitinous cuticle of insects, spiders, crustaceans, and other invertebrates. Such hairs are totally unlike those of vertebrates in structure, composition, and mode of growth.	Any slender, flexible outgrowth, filament, or fiber growing or projecting from the surface of an object or organism.	Any very small distance, or degree; a hairbreadth.	Complexity; difficulty; the quality of being hairy.	The collection or mass of such growths growing from the skin of humans and animals, and forming a covering for a part of the head or for any part or the whole body.
hair	verb	To cause to have or bear hair; to provide with hair	To grow hair (where there was a bald spot).	To remove the hair from.	To string the bow for a violin.
deal	noun	A division, a portion, a share, a part, a piece.	A particular instance of trading (buying or selling; exchanging; bartering); a transaction.	A personality trait, especially a negative one, and the underlying cause of it.	A plank of softwood (fir or pine board).	A situation, occasion, or event.	A thing, an unspecified or unidentified object.	A transaction offered which is financially beneficial; a bargain.	A wooden board or plank, usually between 12 or 14 feet in length, traded as a commodity in shipbuilding.	An act of dealing or sharing out.	An agreement between parties; an arrangement.	An indefinite quantity or amount; a lot (now usually qualified by great or good).	The distribution of cards to players; a player's turn for this.	Wood that is easy to saw (from conifers such as pine or fir).
deal	verb	To administer or give out, as in small portions.	To be concerned with.	To conduct oneself, to behave.	To distribute among a number of recipients, to give out as one’s portion or share.	To distribute cards to the players in a game.	To handle, to manage, to cope.	To have dealings or business.	To pitch.	To sell, especially to sell illicit drugs.	To take action with regard to someone or something.	To take action; to act.	To trade professionally (followed by in).	deliver damage, a blow, strike or cut. To inflict.
deal	adj	Made of deal.
weather	noun	A light shower of rain.	A situation.	A storm; a tempest.	The direction from which the wind is blowing; used attributively to indicate the windward side.	The short term state of the atmosphere at a specific time and place, including the temperature, relative humidity, cloud cover, precipitation, wind, etc.	Unpleasant or destructive atmospheric conditions, and their effects.
weather	adj	Facing towards the flow of a fluid, usually air.
weather	verb	To break down, of rocks and other materials, under the effects of exposure to rain, sunlight, temperature, and air.	To cause (rocks) to break down by crushing, grinding, and/or dissolving with acids.	To endure or survive an event or action without undue damage.	To expose to the weather, or show the effects of such exposure, or to withstand such effects.	To pass to windward in a vessel, especially to beat 'round.	To place (a hawk) unhooded in the open air.	To sustain the trying effect of; to bear up against and overcome; to endure; to resist.
whats	noun	plural of what; used as a stand-in to collectively pluralize arbitrary instances of things. Often used along with whys, hows, etc.
set	verb	Of a dog, to indicate the position of game.	Of a heavenly body, to disappear below the horizon of a planet, etc, as the latter rotates.	Repeating, or redoing, a specific exercise move without any breaks.	To acknowledge a dancing partner by facing him or her and moving first to one side and then to the other, while she or he does the opposite.	To adjust.	To adorn with something infixed or affixed; to stud; to variegate with objects placed here and there.	To apply oneself; to undertake earnestly.	To arrange (type).	To arrange with dishes and cutlery, to set the table.	To attach or affix (something) to something else, or in or upon a certain place.	To be fixed for growth; to strike root; to begin to germinate or form.	To become fixed or rigid; to be fastened.	To begin to move; to go forth.	To cause (a domestic fowl) to sit on eggs to brood.	To cause to stop or stick; to obstruct; to fasten to a spot.	To compile, to make (a puzzle or challenge).	To defeat a contract.	To determine or settle.	To devise and assign (work) to.	To direct (the ball) to a teammate for an attack.	To divide a class group in a subject according to ability	To establish as a rule; to furnish; to prescribe; to assign.	To extend and bring into position; to spread.	To fit (someone) up in a situation.	To fit music to words.	To give a pitch to, as a tune; to start by fixing the keynote.	To have a certain direction of motion; to flow; to move on; to tend.	To hunt game with the aid of a setter.	To introduce or describe.	To locate (a play, etc.); to assign a backdrop to, geographically or temporally.	To lower into place and fix solidly, as the blocks of cut stone in a structure.	To place or fix in a setting.	To place plants or shoots in the ground; to plant.	To prepare (a stage or film set).	To produce after pollination.	To punch (a nail) into wood so that its head is below the surface.	To put (something) down, to rest.	To put in a specified condition or state; to cause to be.	To put in order in a particular manner; to prepare.	To reduce from a dislocated or fractured state.	To render stiff or solid; especially, to convert into curd; to curdle.	To rest or lie somewhere, on something, etc.; to occupy a certain place.	To sit (be in a seated position).	To sit or lie (easily etc.) on the stomach; to be digested in a certain manner.	To solidify.	To start (a fire).	To suit; to become.	To value; to rate; used with at.	To wager in gambling; to risk.
set	noun	A bias of mind; an attitude or pattern of behaviour.	A class group in a subject where pupils are divided by ability.	A collection of various objects for a particular purpose.	A collection of zero or more objects, possibly infinite in size, and disregarding any order or repetition of the objects which may be contained within it.	A complete series of games, forming part of a match.	A complete series of points, forming part of a match.	A device for receiving broadcast radio waves (or, more recently, broadcast data); a radio or television.	A drum kit, a drum set.	A group of people, usually meeting socially or connected through some shared interest, activity, attribute, etc.	A group of repetitions of a single exercise performed one after the other without rest.	A matching collection of similar things. (Note the similar meaning in Etymology 2, Noun.)	A musical performance by a band, disc jockey, etc., consisting of several musical pieces.	A permanent change of shape caused by excessive strain, as from compression, tension, bending, twisting, etc.	A piece placed temporarily upon the head of a pile when the latter cannot otherwise be reached by the weight, or hammer.	A punch for setting nails in wood.	A rudimentary fruit.	A series or group of something. (Note the similar meaning in Etymology 4, Noun)	A small tuber or bulb used instead of seed, particularly onion sets and potato sets.	A tool for dressing forged iron.	A young oyster when first attached.	A young plant fit for setting out; a slip; shoot.	Alternative form of sett (“a hole made and lived in by a badger”).	Alternative form of sett (“pattern of threads and yarns”).	Alternative form of sett (“piece of quarried stone”).	An object made up of several parts.	Collectively, the crop of young oysters in any locality.	General movement; direction; drift; tendency.	Set theory.	That which is staked; a wager; hence, a gambling game.	The act of directing the ball to a teammate for an attack.	The amount by which the teeth of a saw protrude to the side in order to create the kerf.	The camber of a curved roofing tile.	The full number of eggs set under a hen.	The initial or basic formation of dancers.	The manner, state, or quality of setting or fitting; fit.	The pattern of a tartan, etc.	The scenery for a film or play.	The setting of the sun or other luminary; (by extension) the close of the day.	The width of the body of a type.	Three of a kind, especially if two cards are in one's hand and the third is on the board. Compare trips (“three of a kind, especially with two cards on the board and one in one's hand”).	the general locations and area where a movie’s, a film’s, or a video’s scenery is arranged to be filmed also including places for actors, assorted crew, director, producers which are typically not filmed.
set	adj	Fixed in a certain style.	Fixed in one’s opinion.	Fixed in position.	Intent, determined (to do something).	Prearranged.	Ready, prepared.	Rigid, solidified.
bit	noun	A binary digit, generally represented as a 1 or 0.	A coin of a specified value.	A coin of a value similar but not equal to this, in particular the ‘short bit’, i.e. the ten-cent piece or dime.	A gag of a style similar to a bridle.	A gag or put-on; a humorous conceit, especially when insistently presented as true.	A gun.	A microbitcoin, or a millionth of a bitcoin (0.000001 BTC).	A piece of metal placed in a horse's mouth and connected to the reins to direct the animal.	A portion of something.	A prison sentence, especially a short one.	A replaceable tip for a hand tool or power tool, comprising the portion that drives a fastener.	A rotary cutting tool, fitted to a drill, brace, or router, used to bore or drill holes or to remove material from the profile of the workpiece.	A small amount of something.	A small fraction above a whole number.	A unit of currency and coin of the British West Indies worth six black dogs, originally equal to one-eighth of a Spanish dollar but later increasingly debased to one tenth, one eleventh, one twelfth, etc.	A unit of currency of the Dutch West Indies in the early 20th century, worth one fifth of a cent.	A unit of currency worth one eighth of a dollar, originally of a Spanish dollar but later also US or Canadian; also, a coin with this value, in particular the silver Spanish real.	A unit of measure for information entropy.	An excerpt of material making up part of a show, comedy routine, etc.	Any datum that may take on one of exactly two values.	Applied to a various small units of currency and coins.	Ellipsis of bit part.	Fractions of a second.	Somewhat; something, but not very great; also used like jot and whit to express the smallest degree. See also a bit.	Specifically, a small amount of time.	Synonym of microbitcoin.	The bevelled front edge of an axehead along which the cutting edge runs.	The cutting iron of a plane.	The part of a key which enters the lock and acts upon the bolt and tumblers.	The smallest unit of storage in a digital computer, consisting of a binary digit.
bit	verb	To put a bridle upon; to put the bit in the mouth of (a horse).	past participle of bite, bitten	simple past of bite
bit	adj	Having been bitten.
cut	verb	To abridge or shorten a work; to remove a portion of a recording during editing.	To absent oneself from (a class, an appointment, etc.).	To admit of incision or severance; to yield to a cutting instrument.	To castrate or geld.	To change direction suddenly.	To deflect (a bowled ball) to the off, with a chopping movement of the bat.	To deliver a stroke with a whip or like instrument to.	To dilute or adulterate something, especially a recreational drug.	To divide a pack of playing cards into two parts, often followed by placing the two parts back together in the opposite order.	To divide with a knife, scissors, or another sharp instrument.	To drive (a ball) to one side, as by (in billiards or croquet) hitting it fine with another ball, or (in tennis) striking it with the racket inclined.	To edit a film by selecting takes from original footage.	To engage in self-harm by making cuts in one's own skin.	To enter a queue in the wrong place.	To exhibit (a figure having some trait).	To form or shape by cutting.	To ignore as a social rebuff or snub.	To incise, to cut into the surface of something.	To interfere, as a horse; to strike one foot against the opposite foot or ankle in using the legs.	To intersect or cross in such a way as to divide in half or nearly so.	To leave abruptly.	To lose body mass, aiming to keep muscle but lose body fat.	To make an abrupt transition from one scene or image to another.	To make the ball spin sideways by running one's fingers down the side of the ball while bowling it.	To make, negotiate; to finalise, conclude; to issue.	To perform (an elaborate dancing movement etc.).	To perform an incision on, for example with a knife.	To reduce, especially intentionally.	To remove (text, a picture, etc.) and place in memory in order to paste at a later time.	To renounce or give up.	To run or hurry.	To separate or omit, in a situation where one was previously associated.	To separate, remove, reject or reduce.	To stop, disengage, or cease.	To wound or hurt deeply the sensibilities of; to pierce.	To wound with a knife.
cut	adj	Carved into a shape; not raw.	Circumcised or having been the subject of female genital mutilation.	Having been cut.	Having muscular definition in which individual groups of muscle fibers stand out among larger muscles.	Intoxicated as a result of drugs or alcohol.	Played with a horizontal bat to hit the ball backward of point.	Reduced.	Upset, angry; emotionally hurt.
cut	noun	A batsman's shot played with a swinging motion of the bat, to hit the ball backward of point.	A common workhorse; a gelding.	A decrease or deletion.	A definable part, such as an individual song, of a recording, particularly of commercial records, audio tapes, CDs, etc.	A deliberate snub, typically a refusal to return a bow or other acknowledgement of acquaintance.	A dividing line in a Tumblr post, the content below which is hidden until the reader reveals it.	A haircut.	A hidden, secluded, or secure place.	A notch shaved into an eyebrow.	A notch, passage, or channel made by cutting or digging; a furrow; a groove.	A particular version or edit of a film.	A passage omitted or to be omitted from a play, movie script, speech, etc.	A share or portion of profits.	A skein of yarn.	A slab or slice, especially of meat.	A sleeveless vest worn by members of a motorcycle club.	A string of railway cars coupled together, shorter than a train.	A time period when one attempts to lose fat while retaining muscle mass.	A truncation, a context that represents a moment in time when other archaeological deposits were removed for the creation of some feature such as a ditch or pit.	An artificial channel for marine navigation, as distinguished from a navigable river.	An attack made with a chopping motion of the blade, landing with its edge or point.	An engraved block or plate; the impression from such an engraving.	An insult.	An opening of a living body resulting from cutting; an incision or wound.	An unkind act; a cruelty.	In a stroke play competition, the early elimination of those players who have not then attained a preannounced score, so that the rest of the competition is less pressed for time and more entertaining for spectators.	In lawn tennis, etc., a slanting stroke causing the ball to spin and bound irregularly; also, the spin thus given to the ball.	Sideways movement of the ball through the air caused by a fast bowler imparting spin to the ball.	Such a passage dug for a roadway for a paved road or railroad, a canal, a runway, etc.	Such a wound through human skin.	That which is used to dilute or adulterate a recreational drug.	The act of cutting.	The act or right of dividing a deck of playing cards.	The card obtained by dividing the pack.	The failure of a college officer or student to be present at any appointed exercise.	The manner or style in which a garment, other article of clothing, or sail is fashioned.	The partition of a graph’s vertices into two subgroups.	The range of temperatures used to distill a particular mixture of hydrocarbons from crude oil.	The result of cutting.
cut	intj	An instruction to cease recording.
thank	noun	singular of thanks (“an expression of appreciation or gratitude; grateful feelings or thoughts; favour, goodwill, graciousness”)
thank	verb	Chiefly followed by for: to credit or hold (someone or something) responsible, especially for something negative; to blame.	In the future tense in the form one will thank someone to do something, chiefly expressing a command or criticism: to request that (someone) do something.	To express appreciation or gratitude for (something).	To express appreciation or gratitude toward (someone or something).	To express gratitude.	To respond to (someone) out of, or as if out of, appreciation or gratitude.
maybe	adv	Certainly.	Perhaps that is true (expressing no commitment to a decision or a neutral viewpoint to a statement).	Perhaps, possibly.
maybe	adj	Possible; uncertain.
maybe	noun	A future event that may or may not happen.	An answer that shows neither agreement nor disagreement.	Something that is possibly true.
teach	verb	To cause (someone) to learn or understand (something).	To cause to know the disagreeable consequences of some action.	To pass on knowledge generally, especially as one's profession; to act as a teacher.	To pass on knowledge to.	To show (someone) the way; to guide, conduct; to point, indicate.
teach	noun	teacher
street	noun	A great distance.	A paved part of road, usually in a village or a town.	A road as above, but including the sidewalks (pavements) and buildings.	A style of skateboarding featuring typically urban obstacles.	An illicit or contraband source, especially of drugs.	Each of the three opportunities that players have to bet, after the flop, turn and river.	Ellipsis of Wall Street.	Living in the streets.	Metonymic senses:	People in general, as a source of information.	Streetwise slang.	The people who live in such a road, as a neighborhood.	The people who spend a great deal of time on the street in urban areas, especially, the young, the poor, the unemployed, and those engaged in illegal activities.	The roads that run perpendicular to avenues in a grid layout.
street	adj	Having street cred; conforming to modern urban trends.
street	verb	To build or equip with streets.	To eject; to throw onto the streets.	To go on sale.	To heavily defeat.	To proselytize in public.
sing	verb	In traditional Aboriginal culture, to direct a supernatural influence on (a person or thing), usually malign; to curse.	Of birds, to vocalise:	To be capable of being sung; to produce a certain effect by being sung.	To confess under interrogation.	To display fine qualities; to stand out as excellent.	To express audibly by means of a harmonious vocalization.	To make a small, shrill sound.	To perform a vocal part in a musical composition, regardless of technique.	To produce a 'song', for the purposes of defending a breeding territory or to attract a mate.	To produce any type of melodious vocalisation.	To produce musical or harmonious sounds with one’s voice.	To relate in verse; to celebrate in poetry.	To soothe with singing.	To yell or shout.
sing	noun	The act, or event, of singing songs.
laugh	noun	A fun person.	An expression of mirth particular to the human species; the sound heard in laughing; laughter.	Something that provokes mirth or scorn.
laugh	verb	To affect or influence by means of laughter or ridicule.	To be or appear cheerful, pleasant, mirthful, lively, or brilliant; to sparkle; to sport.	To express by, or utter with, laughter.	To make an object of laughter or ridicule; to make fun of; to deride; to mock.	To show mirth, satisfaction, or derision, by peculiar movement of the muscles of the face, particularly of the mouth, causing a lighting up of the face and eyes, and usually accompanied by the emission of explosive or chuckling sounds from the chest and throat; to indulge in laughter.
whole	adj	As yet unworked.	Entire, undivided.	From which none of its constituents has been removed.	Sound, uninjured, healthy.	Used as an intensifier.
whole	adv	In entirety; entirely; wholly.
whole	noun	An entirety.	Something complete, without any parts missing.
trust	noun	A group of businessmen or traders organised for mutual benefit to produce and distribute specific commodities or services, and managed by a central body of trustees.	Affirmation of the access rights of a user of a computer system.	An arrangement whereby property or money is given to be held by a third party (a trustee), on the basis that it will be managed for the benefit of, or eventually transferred to, a stated beneficiary; for example, money to be given to a child when he or she reaches adulthood.	Confidence in or reliance on some person or quality.	Confidence in the future payment for goods or services supplied; credit.	Dependence upon something in the future; hope.	That upon which confidence is reposed; ground of reliance; hope.	That which is committed or entrusted; something received in confidence; a charge.	The condition or obligation of one to whom anything is confided; responsible charge or office.	The confidence vested in a person who has legal ownership of a property to manage for the benefit of another.	Trustworthiness, reliability.
trust	verb	To commit, as to one's care; to entrust.	To give credence to; to believe; to credit.	To give credit to; to sell to upon credit, or in confidence of future payment.	To have faith in; to rely on for continuing support or aid.	To have trust; to be credulous; to be won to confidence; to confide.	To hope confidently; to believe (usually with a phrase or infinitive clause as the object)	To place confidence in, to rely on, to confide in.	To rely on (something), as though having trust (on it).	To risk; to venture confidently.	To sell or deliver anything in reliance upon a promise of payment; to give credit.	to show confidence in a person by entrusting them with something.
trust	intj	Ellipsis of trust me.
trust	adj	Faithful, dependable.	Secure, safe.	of or relating to a trust.
usually	adv	Most of the time; less than always, but more than occasionally.	Under normal conditions.
hot	adj	Active, in use or ready for use (like a bullet or a firing range), turned on (like a microphone or camera).	Characterized by police presence or activity.	Easily provoked to anger.	Electrically charged.	Extremely attracted to.	Extremely fast or with great speed.	Feeling the sensation of heat, especially to the point of discomfort.	Feverish; feeling a high fever.	Fresh; just released.	Having or giving off a high temperature.	Loud, producing a strong electric signal for the amplifier or other sound equipment.	Not covered by funds on account.	Of great current interest; provoking current debate or controversy.	Performing strongly; having repeated successes.	Popular; in demand.	Radioactive.	Relating to danger or risk.	Relating to excited emotions.	Relating to heat and conditions which produce it.	Relating to popularity, quality, or the state of being interesting.	Sexual or sexy; involving sexual intercourse or sexual excitement.	Sexually aroused; randy.	Spicy, pungent, piquant, as some chilis and other spices are.	Stolen.	Uncomfortable, difficult to deal with; awkward, dangerous, unpleasant.	Used to emphasize the short duration or small quantity of something	Very close to finding or guessing something to be found or guessed.	Very good, remarkable, exciting.	Very physically or sexually attractive.
hot	adv	Hotly; at a high temperature.	Rapidly, quickly.	While shooting, while firing one's weapon(s).
hot	verb	To become lively or exciting.	To heat; to make or become hot.
hot	noun	A hot meal, usually in the phrase "three hots" (i.e. three hot meals per day) or derivations such as three hots and a cot.
different	adj	Distinct, separate; used for emphasis after numbers and other determiners of quantity.	Not the same; exhibiting a difference.	Unlike most others; unusual.	Various, assorted, diverse.
different	noun	The different ideal.
different	adv	Differently.
return	verb	To bat the ball back over the net in response to a serve.	To come or go back (to a place or person).	To elect according to the official report of the election officers.	To give a thrust or cut after parrying a sword-thrust.	To give in requital or recompense; to requite.	To give something back to its original holder or owner.	To go back in thought, narration, or argument.	To pass (data) back to the calling procedure.	To place or put back something where it had been.	To play a card as a result of another player's lead.	To reciprocate (a visit or telephone call).	To recur; to come again.	To relinquish control to the calling procedure.	To report, or bring back and make known.	To retort; to throw back.	To say in reply; to respond.	To take back something to a vendor for a complete or partial refund.	To throw a ball back to the wicket-keeper (or a fielder at that position) from somewhere in the field.	To turn (something) round.	To turn back, retreat.
return	noun	A carriage return character.	A report of income submitted to a government for purposes of specifying exact tax payment amounts; a tax return.	A return pipe, returning fluid to a boiler or other central plant (compare with flow pipe, which carries liquid away from a central plant).	A return ticket.	A return value: the data passed back from a called procedure.	A roadway along which foul air travels from the face on its way out of the mine.	A short perpendicular extension of a desk, usually slightly lower.	A throw from a fielder to the wicket-keeper or to another fielder at the wicket.	An account, or formal report, of an action performed, of a duty discharged, of facts or statistics, etc.; especially, in the plural, a set of tabulated statistics prepared for general information.	An answer.	An item that is returned, e.g. due to a defect, or the act of returning it.	Gain or loss from an investment.	The act of catching a ball after a punt and running it back towards the opposing team.	The act of relinquishing control to the calling procedure.	The act of returning.	The continuation in a different direction, most often at a right angle, of a building, face of a building, or any member, such as a moulding; applied to the shorter in contradistinction to the longer.
pick	noun	A choice; ability to choose.	A comb with long widely spaced teeth, for use with tightly curled hair.	A good defensive play by an infielder.	A particle of ink or paper embedded in the hollow of a letter, filling up its face, and causing a spot on a printed sheet.	A pickoff.	A pike or spike; the sharp point fixed in the center of a buckler.	A pointed hammer used for dressing millstones.	A screen.	A tool for unlocking a lock without the original key; a lock pick, picklock.	A tool used for digging; a pickaxe.	A tool used for strumming the strings of a guitar; a plectrum.	An anchor.	An interception.	An offensive tactic in which a player stands so as to block a defender from reaching a teammate.	Pasture; feed, for animals.	That which is picked in, as with a pointed pencil, to correct an unevenness in a picture.	That which would be picked or chosen first; the best.	The blow that drives the shuttle, used in calculating the speed of a loom (in picks per minute); hence, in describing the fineness of a fabric, a weft thread.
pick	verb	To decide upon, from a set of options; to select.	To do anything fastidiously or carefully, or by attending to small things; to select something with care.	To eat slowly, sparingly, or by morsels; to nibble.	To grasp and pull with the fingers or fingernails.	To harvest a fruit or vegetable for consumption by removing it from the plant to which it is attached; to harvest an entire plant by removing it from the ground.	To intercept a pass from the offense as a defensive player.	To open (a lock) with a wire, lock pick, etc.	To peck at, as a bird with its beak; to strike at with anything pointed; to act upon with a pointed instrument; to pierce; to prick, as with a pin.	To pluck the individual strings of a musical instrument or to play such an instrument.	To pull apart or away, especially with the fingers; to pluck.	To recognise the type of ball being bowled by a bowler by studying the position of the hand and arm as the ball is released.	To remove something from somewhere with a pointed instrument, with the fingers, or with the teeth.	To screen.	To seek (a fight or quarrel) where the opportunity arises.	To separate or open by means of a sharp point or points.	To steal; to pilfer.	To take up; especially, to gather from here and there; to collect; to bring together.	To throw; to pitch.
dream	noun	A hope or wish.	A visionary scheme; a wild conceit; an idle fancy.	Imaginary events seen in the mind while sleeping.
dream	verb	To consider the possibility (of).	To daydream.	To envision as an imaginary experience (usually when asleep).	To hope, to wish.	To see imaginary events in one's mind while sleeping.
dream	adj	Ideal; perfect.
moment	noun	A brief, unspecified amount of time.	A definite period of time, specifically one-tenth of a point, or one-fortieth or one-fiftieth of an hour.	A fit; a brief tantrum.	A particular point of space; a spot.	A particular point of time; an instant.	A particular point, or relatively small region.	A petit mal episode; such a spell.	A quantitative measure of the shape of a set of points.	An embarrassing event, supposed to be characteristic of some person, group, or situation.	An infinitesimal change in a varying quantity; an increment or decrement.	Ellipsis of moment of force.	The current center of public attention and awe; the most important celebrity in their prime.	Weight or importance.
lunch	noun	A break in play between the first and second sessions.	A light meal usually eaten around midday, notably when not as main meal of the day.	A thin piece or hunk (of bread, meat, etc.)	Any small meal, especially one eaten at a social gathering.
lunch	verb	To eat lunch.	To treat to lunch.
sell	verb	To be sold.	To betray for money or other things.	To pretend that an opponent's blows or maneuvers are causing legitimate injury; to act.	To promote (a particular viewpoint).	To promote (a product or service) although not being paid in any direct way or at all.	To throw under the bus; to let down one's own team in an endeavour, especially in a sport or a game.	To transfer goods or provide services in exchange for money.	To trick, cheat, or manipulate someone.
sell	noun	A rope (usually for tying up cattle, but can also mean any sort of rope).	A saddle.	A seat or stool.	An act of selling; sale.	An easy task.	An imposition, a cheat; a hoax; a disappointment; anything occasioning a loss of pride or dignity.	The promotion of an idea for acceptance.
everybody	pron	All people.
possible	adj	Able but not certain to happen; neither inevitable nor impossible.	Apparently valid, likely, plausible.	Being considered, e.g. for a position.	Capable of being done or achieved; feasible.
possible	noun	A particular event that may happen.	A possible choice, notably someone being considered for a position.	That which is possible for somebody.
kid	noun	A child (usually) or young adult.	A deception; an act of kidding somebody.	A person whose childhood took place in a particular time period or area.	A small wooden mess tub in which sailors received their food.	A young antelope.	A young goat.	An inexperienced person or one in a junior position.	Kidskin.	One's son or daughter, regardless of age.	Synonym of faggot (“bundle of heath and furze”).	The meat of a young goat.	Used as a form of address for a child, teenager or young adult.
kid	verb	Of a goat: to give birth.	To deceive oneself by having unrealistic expectations.	To deceive or dupe as a joke.	To dupe or deceive.	To joke.	To mock or make a fool of (someone) in a playful way.
clean	adj	Allowing an uninterrupted flow over surfaces, without protrusions such as racks or landing gear.	Ascended without falling.	Cool or neat.	Devoid of profanity.	Devoid of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs).	Empty.	Free from (or showing no signs of) corrupt, unlawful, and/or sinister conduct or connections (and (of criminal, driving, etc. records) therefore without restrictions or penalties).	Free from that which is useless or injurious; without defects.	Free of contamination, (unwanted) germs, infection, or disease.	Free of dirt, filth, or impurities (extraneous matter); not dirty, filthy, or soiled.	Free of immorality or criminality.	Free of imperfections, blemishes, or defects.	Free of infiltration by covert listening or recording devices (bugs), enemy spies, etc.	Having relatively few impurities.	Having the undercarriage and flaps in the up position.	In an unmarked condition; blank.	Not in possession of weapons or contraband such as drugs.	Not using drugs or alcohol.	Of a victory or performance: without any blemishes such as submission holds, disqualification, interference, etc.	Pure, especially morally or religiously.	Smooth, exact, and performed well.	That does not damage the environment (as much as some alternative).	Utter, complete, total; pure; free from restraint.	Well-proportioned; shapely.
clean	noun	Clear vocals, contrasted with death growls and screams.	Removal of dirt.	The first part of the event clean and jerk in which the weight is brought from the ground to the shoulders.
clean	verb	Synonym of clean up.	To brush the ice lightly in front of a moving rock to remove any debris and ensure a correct line; less vigorous than a sweep.	To make things clean in general.	To purge a raw of any blemishes caused by the scanning process such as brown tinting and poor color contrast.	To remove dirt from a place or object.	To remove equipment from a climbing route after it was previously lead climbed.	To remove guts and/or scales of a butchered animal.	To remove unnecessary files, etc. from (a directory, etc.).	To tidy up, make a place neat.
clean	adv	Fully and completely.
free	adj	(of a morpheme) That can be used by itself, unattached to another morpheme.	Certain or honourable; the opposite of base.	Clear of offence or crime; guiltless; innocent.	Complimentary.	Generous; liberal.	Having a linearly independent set of generators (called a basis).	Having a set of generators which satisfy no non-trivial relations; equivalently, being the group of reduced words on a set of generators.	In any of various technical senses generic, universal.	Intended for release, and omitting debugging diagnostics, as opposed to a checked version.	Invested with a particular freedom or franchise; enjoying certain immunities or privileges; admitted to special rights; followed by of.	Not attached; loose.	Not currently in use; not taken; unoccupied.	Not imprisoned or enslaved.	Obtainable without any payment.	Of a rocket or missile: not under the control of a guidance system after being launched.	Privileged or individual; proprietary.	Ready; eager; acting without spurring or whipping; spirited.	Such that any map f from X to the underlying set of an object A in the same category as F induces a map ̄f from F to A which is compatible with f (i.e. such that f=̄f∘i).	To be enjoyed by anyone freely.	Unattached or uncombined.	Unconstrained by quantifiers.	Unconstrained of identifiers, not bound.	Unconstrained.	Unobstructed, without blockages.	Upholding individual rights.	With no or only freedom-preserving limitations on distribution or modification.	Without obligations.	Without; not containing (what is specified); exempt; clear; liberated.
free	adv	Freely; willingly.	Without needing to pay.
free	verb	To make free; set at liberty; release.	To relinquish (previously allocated memory) to the system.	To rid of something that confines or oppresses.
free	noun	A free transfer.	Abbreviation of free kick.	Abbreviation of freestyle.	The usual means of restarting play after a foul is committed, where the non-offending team restarts from where the foul was committed.
park	noun	A partially enclosed basin in which oysters are grown.	A piece of ground in or near a city or town, enclosed and kept for ornament and recreation.	A space in which to leave a car; a parking space.	A tract of ground kept in its natural state, about or adjacent to a residence, such as for the preservation of game, for walking, riding, or the like.	A wide, flat-bottomed valley in a mountainous region.	An area of land set aside for environment preservation or recreation.	An area on which a sporting match is played; (soccer) a pitch.	An area used for specific purposes.	An area zoned for a particular (industrial or commercial) purpose.	An enclosed parcel of land stocked with animals for hunting, which one may have by prescription or royal grant.	An inventory of matériel.	An open space occupied by or reserved for vehicles, matériel or stores.	The gear into which one shifts an automatic transmission when one is parking a car or truck. (Denoted with symbol P on a shifter's labeling.)
park	verb	To bring (something such as a vehicle) to a halt or store in a specified place.	To bring together in a park, or compact body.	To defer (a matter) until a later date.	To display style or gait on a park drive.	To enclose in a park, or as in a park.	To enclose in a park, or partially enclosed basin.	To engage in romantic or sexual activities inside a nonmoving vehicle that was driven to a suitable spot for that purpose.	To hit a home run; to hit the ball out of the park.	To invest money temporarily in an investment instrument considered to relatively free of risk, especially while awaiting other opportunities.	To promenade or drive in a park.	To register a domain name, but make no use of it (See domain parking)	To sit, recline, or put, especially in a manner suggesting an intent to remain for some time.
age	noun	A generation.	A great period in the history of the Earth.	A long time.	A particular period of time in history, as distinguished from others.	A period of one hundred years; a century.	Any particular stage of life.	Lifespan, lifetime; the total time that some being is alive from birth to death (or some category of beings, on average).	Maturity; especially, the time of life at which one attains full personal rights and capacities.	One of the twelve divisions of a Great Year, equal to roughly 2000 years and governed by one of the zodiacal signs; a Platonic month.	The amount of time that some being has been alive, or that some thing has been in existence, as measured from its birth or origin until the present or until some other given reference point. (Often measured in number of years; alternatively in months, days, hours, etc.; see also the usage notes)	The entitlement of the player to the left of the dealer to pass the first round in betting, and then to come in last or stay out; also, the player holding this position; the eldest hand.	The shortest geochronologic unit, being a period of thousands to millions of years; a subdivision of an epoch (or sometimes a subepoch).	The state of being old; the latter part of life.	The time of life at which some particular power or capacity is understood to become vested.	The time or era in history when someone or something was alive or flourished.
age	verb	To allow (something) to persist by postponing an action that would extinguish it, as a debt.	To allow to mature.	To categorize by age.	To cause to grow old; to impart the characteristics of age to.	To determine the age of (the length of time that something has been alive or in existence).	To grow aged; to become old or older; to show marks of age.	To indicate or reveal that (a person) has been alive for a certain period of time, especially a long one.	To suffer the passage of time so as to later be viewed or turn out in a certain way.	To treat or tamper with in order to give a false appearance of age.
summer	noun	A horizontal beam supporting a building.	A machine or algorithm that sums.	A pack-horse.	A person who sums.	Most flourishing, happy, or beautiful period; golden age, prime.	One of four seasons, traditionally the second, marked by the longest and typically hottest days of the year due to the inclination of the Earth and thermal lag. Typically regarded as spanning the months of June, July, and August in the Northern Hemisphere and the months of December, January and February in the Southern Hemisphere.	Someone with light, pinkish skin that has a blue undertone, light hair and eyes, seen as best suited to certain colors of clothing.	year; used to give the age of a person, usually a young one.
summer	verb	To spend the summer, as in a particular place on holiday.
behind	prep	After in developmental progress, score, grade, etc.; inferior to.	After in physical progress or distance.	After in time.	At or to the back or far side of.	Concealed by (something serving as a facade or disguise).	Following, subsequent to; as a result or consequence of; because of.	In support of.	In the past, from the viewpoint of.	Less forward or advanced than; after.	Responsible for, being the creator or controller of.	Underlying, being the reason for or explanation of.
behind	adv	At or in the rear or back part of something.	Backward in time or order of succession; past.	Behind the scenes in a theatre; backstage.	In a rearward direction.	Not yet brought forward, produced, or exhibited to view; out of sight; remaining.	So as to be still in place after someone or something has departed or ceased to exist.	So as to come after someone or something in position, distance, advancement, ranking, time, etc.
behind	adj	Not advanced to the required or expected degree; overdue or in arrears.	Slow.
behind	noun	A one-point score.	In the Eton College field game, any of a group of players consisting of two "shorts" (who try to kick the ball over the bully) and a "long" (who defends the goal).	The buttocks, bottom, butt.	The catcher.	The rear, back-end.
weve	contraction	Alternative form of we've.
fight	verb	Of colours or other design elements: to clash; to fail to harmonize.	Senses relating to physical conflict:	To cause to fight; to manage or manoeuvre in a fight.	To conduct or engage in (battle, warfare, a cause, etc.).	To contend in physical conflict with each other, either singly or in war, battle etc.	To contend in physical conflict, either singly or in war, battle etc.	To engage in combat with; to oppose physically, to contest with.	To strive for something; to campaign or contend for success.	To try to overpower; to fiercely counteract.
fight	noun	A battle between opposing armies.	A boxing or martial arts match.	A conflict, possibly nonphysical, with opposing ideas or forces; strife.	A physical confrontation or combat between two or more people or groups.	A screen for the combatants in ships; an arming.	An occasion of fighting.	The will or ability to fight.
during	prep	At any time or period within a given time interval.	For all of a given time interval; throughout; in; pending.
during	verb	present participle and gerund of dure
song	noun	A low price, especially one under the expected value; chiefly in for a song.	A melodious sound made by a bird, insect, whale or other animal.	A musical composition with lyrics for voice or voices, performed by singing.	An object of derision; a laughing stock.	Any musical composition.	Poetical composition; poetry; verse.	The act or art of singing.	The distinctive sound that a male bird utters to attract a mate or to protect his territory; contrasts with call; also, similar vocalisations made by female birds.
baby	noun	A concept or creation endeared by its creator.	A form of address to a person considered to be attractive.	A person who is immature, infantile, or feeble.	A person who is new to or inexperienced in something.	A person's romantic partner; a term of endearment used to refer to or address e.g. one's girlfriend, boyfriend, or spouse.	A pet project or responsibility.	A small image of an infant; a doll.	A very young human, even if not yet born.	A very young human, particularly from birth to a couple of years old or until walking is fully mastered.	An affectionate term for anything.	Any very young animal, especially a vertebrate; many species have specific names for their babies, such as kittens for the babies of cats, puppies for the babies of dogs, and chicks for the babies of birds. See :Category:Baby animals for more.	One who is new to an identity or community.	The lastborn of a family; the youngest sibling, irrespective of age.
baby	adj	Like or pertaining to a baby, in size or youth; small, young.	Newest (overall, or in some group or state); most inexperienced.	Picked when small and immature (as in baby corn, baby potatoes).
baby	verb	To coddle; to pamper somebody like an infant.	To tend (something) with care; to be overly attentive to (something), fuss over.
along	prep	By the length of; in a line with the length of; lengthwise next to.	In a line with, with a progressive motion on; onward on; forward on.
along	adv	In company; together.	Onward, forward, with progressive action.
full	adj	Carrying as much as possible.	Complete; with nothing omitted.	Completely empowered, authorized or qualified (in some role); not limited.	Containing the maximum possible amount that can fit in the space available.	Drunk, intoxicated.	Filled with emotions.	Having depth and body; rich.	Having eaten to satisfaction, having a "full" stomach; replete.	Having its entire face illuminated.	Having the attention, thoughts, etc., absorbed in any matter, and the feelings more or less excited by it.	Having the mind filled with ideas; stocked with knowledge; stored with information.	Impregnated; made pregnant.	Including all morphisms. Formally: Such that for every pairs of objects (X, Y) in S, the hom-sets operatorname Hom_S(X,Y) and operatorname Hom_C(X,Y) are equal.	Of a size that is ample, wide, or having ample folds or pleats to be comfortable.	Plump, round.	Replete, abounding with.	Said of the three cards of the same rank in a full house.	Surjective as a map of morphisms	Total, entire.
full	adv	Fully; quite; very; thoroughly; completely; exactly; entirely.
full	noun	A flip involving a complete turn in midair.	An aerialist maneuver consisting of a backflip in conjunction and simultaneous with a complete twist.	The phase of the moon when its entire face is illuminated, full moon.	Utmost measure or extent; highest state or degree; the state, position, or moment of fullness; fill.
full	verb	To baptise.	To become full or wholly illuminated.	To make cloth denser and firmer by soaking, beating and pressing; to waulk or walk.
TV	noun	Abbreviation of television.	Abbreviation of transvestite.	Initialism of Taylor's Version.	Initialism of tax value.	Initialism of tidal volume.
near	adj	Approximate, almost.	Close in time.	Close to anything followed or imitated; not free, loose, or rambling.	Close to one's interests, affection, etc.; intimate; dear.	Closely connected or related.	Immediate; direct; close; short.	Next to the driver, when he is on foot; (US) on the left of an animal or a team.	On the side nearest to the kerb (the left-hand side if one drives on the left).	Physically close.	So as barely to avoid or pass injury or loss; close; narrow.	Stingy; parsimonious.	Within the currently selected segment in a segmented memory architecture.
near	adv	At or towards a position close in space or time.	Nearly; almost.
near	prep	Close to in nature or degree.	Close to in time.	Physically close to, in close proximity to.
near	verb	To come closer to; to approach.
near	noun	Kidney.	The left side of a horse or of a team of horses pulling a carriage etc.
whether	conj	Indicates doubt between possibilities (usually with correlative or).	Introduces a direct question between alternatives (often with correlative or).	Introduces a disjunctive adverbial clause qualifying the main clause (with correlative or).	Without a correlative, introduces a simple indirect question.
whether	det	Which of two.
whether	pron	Which of two.
favorite	adj	Alternative form of favourite.
favorite	noun	Alternative form of favourite.
favorite	verb	Alternative form of favourite.
computer	noun	A male computer.	A person employed to perform computations; one who computes.	A programmable electronic device that performs mathematical calculations and logical operations, especially one that can process, store and retrieve large amounts of data very quickly; now especially, a small one for personal or home use employed for manipulating text or graphics, accessing the Internet, or playing games or media.
computer	verb	To send via computer.	To transfer onto a computer; to computerize.	To use a computer.
short	adj	Abrupt; brief; pointed; petulant; curt.	Being in a financial investment position that is structured to be profitable if the price of the underlying security declines in the future.	Brittle, crumbly. (See shortbread, shortcake, shortcrust, shortening, hot short, cold-short.)	Deficient; less; not coming up to a measure or standard.	Doubtful of, skeptical of.	Having a small distance from one end or edge to another, either horizontally or vertically.	Having little duration.	Insufficiently provided; inadequately supplied, especially with money; scantily furnished; lacking.	Limited in quantity; inadequate; insufficient; scanty.	Not distant in time; near at hand.	Of a word or phrase, constituting an abbreviation (for another) or shortened form (of another).	Of betting odds, offering a small return for the money wagered.	Of comparatively small height.	Of money: given in the fewest possible notes, i.e. those of the largest denomination.	Undiluted; neat.	bowled so that it bounces relatively far from the batsman.	that falls short of the green or the hole.	that is relatively close to the batsman.
short	adv	Abruptly, curtly, briefly.	Relatively far from the batsman and hence bouncing higher than normal; opposite of full.	Unawares.	With a negative ownership position.	Without achieving a goal or requirement.
short	noun	A YouTube video that is less than one minute long.	A short circuit.	A short film.	A short sale or short position.	A short seller.	A short sound, syllable, or vowel.	A short version of a garment in a particular size.	A short-form vertical video.	A shortstop.	A summary account.	An automobile; especially in crack shorts (“to break into automobiles”).	An integer variable having a smaller range than normal integers; usually two bytes long.
short	verb	To cause a short circuit in (something).	To provide with an amount smaller than that agreed or labeled; to shortchange.	To sell something, especially securities, that one does not own at the moment for delivery at a later date in hopes of profiting from a decline in the price; to sell short.	To short circuit.	To shorten.
short	prep	Deficient in.	Having a negative position in.
flower	noun	A colorful, conspicuous structure associated with angiosperms, frequently scented and attracting various insects, and which may or may not be used for sexual reproduction.	A delicate, fragile, or oversensitive person.	A figure of speech; an ornament of style.	A plant that bears flowers, especially a plant that is small and lacks wood.	A reproductive structure in angiosperms (flowering plants), often conspicuously colourful and typically including sepals, petals, and either or both stamens and/or a pistil.	A substance in the form of a powder, especially when condensed from sublimation.	Cannabis.	Credit, recognition.	Flour.	Menstrual discharges.	Of plants, a state of bearing blooms.	Ornamental type used chiefly for borders around pages, cards, etc.	Something that flows, such as a river.	The best examples or representatives of a group.	The best state of things; the prime.	The stem of a flowering plant with the blossom or blossoms attached, used for decoration, as a gift, etc.	The vulva, especially the labia majora.
flower	verb	To come off as flowers by sublimation.	To decorate with pictures of flowers.	To froth; to ferment gently, as new beer.	To put forth blooms.	To reach a state of full development or achievement.
American	noun	A citizen or inhabitant of British America.	A citizen or national of the United States of America.	A size of type smaller than German, 1-point type.	A steam locomotive of the 4-4-0 wheel arrangement.	American cheese.	An indigenous inhabitant of the Americas.	An inhabitant of French or Spanish New World colonies.	Any inhabitant of the Americas.	The dialect of English spoken in and around the contiguous United States of America.
American	adj	Able to be exercised on any date between its issue and expiry.	Of, from, or pertaining to British North America.	Of, from, or pertaining to the Americas.	Of, from, or pertaining to the United States of America, its people, or its culture.	Of, from, or pertaining to the indigenous inhabitants of the Americas.
American	name	A township in Allen County, Ohio, United States.
present	adj	Attentive; alert; focused.	Favorably attentive; propitious.	Having an immediate effect (of a medicine, poison etc.); fast-acting.	Located in the immediate vicinity.	Neither for or against (used in voting to express abstention)	Not delayed; immediate; instant.	Ready; quick in emergency.	Relating to now, for the time being; current.	Relating to something a person is referring to in the very context, with a deictic use similar to the demonstrative adjective this.
present	noun	A gift, especially one given for birthdays, Christmas, anniversaries, graduations, weddings, or any other special occasions.	The current moment or period of time.	The position of a soldier in presenting arms.	The present tense.	poo; feces
present	verb	In omegaverse fiction, to have one's secondary sex (alpha, omega, or beta) become apparent, typically at puberty.	To act as presenter on (a radio, television programme etc.).	To appear (in a specific way) for delivery (of a fetus); to appear first at the mouth of the uterus during childbirth.	To appear or represent oneself (as having a certain gender).	To bring (someone) into the presence of (a person); to introduce formally.	To charge (a person) with a crime or accusation; to bring before court.	To come forward, appear in a particular place or before a particular person, especially formally.	To come to the attention of medical staff, especially with a specific symptom.	To deliver (something abstract) as though as a gift; to offer.	To display one's female genitalia in a way that signals to others that one is ready for copulation. Also referred to as lordosis behaviour.	To give (a gift or presentation) to someone; to bestow.	To give a gift or presentation to (someone).	To hand over (a bill etc.) to be paid.	To make clear to one's mind or intelligence; to put forward for consideration.	To nominate (a member of the clergy) for an ecclesiastical benefice; to offer to the bishop or ordinary as a candidate for institution.	To offer (a problem, complaint) to a court or other authority for consideration.	To offer oneself for mental consideration; to occur to the mind.	To point (a firearm) at something, to hold (a weapon) in a position ready to fire.	To put (something) forward in order for it to be seen; to show, exhibit.	To put on, stage (a play etc.).
paper	noun	A medicinal preparation spread upon paper, intended for external application.	A paper packet containing a quantity of items.	A set of examination questions to be answered at one session.	A sheet material typically used for writing on or printing on (or as a non-waterproof container), usually made by draining cellulose fibres from a suspension in water.	A substance resembling paper secreted by certain invertebrates as protection for their nests and eggs.	A university course.	A written document that reports scientific or academic research and is usually subjected to peer review before publication in a scientific journal (as a journal article or the manuscript for one) or in the proceedings of a scientific or academic meeting (such as a conference, workshop, or symposium).	A written document, generally shorter than a book; usually written as a school assignment or a government report.	An open hand (a handshape resembling a sheet of paper), that beats rock and loses to scissors. It loses to lizard and beats Spock in rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock.	Any financial assets other than specie, including paper money, commercial paper, and others.	Ellipsis of newspaper; anything used as such (such as a newsletter or listing magazine).	Ellipsis of wallpaper.	Ellipsis of wrapping paper.	Free passes of admission to a theatre, etc.	Money.	The people admitted by free passes.
paper	adj	Having a title that is merely official, or given by courtesy or convention.	Insubstantial (from the weakness of common paper)	Made of paper.	Planned (from plans being drawn up on paper)
paper	verb	To apply paper to.	To cover someone's house with toilet paper. Otherwise known as toilet papering or TPing.	To document; to memorialize.	To enfold in paper.	To fill (a theatre or other paid event) with complimentary seats.	To give public notice (typically by displaying posters) that a person is wanted by the police or other authority.	To paste the endpapers and flyleaves at the beginning and end of a book before fitting it into its covers.	To sandpaper.	To submit official papers to (a law court, etc.).
travel	verb	To be on a journey, often for pleasure or business and with luggage; to go from one place to another.	To force to journey.	To labour; to travail.	To move illegally by walking or running without dribbling the ball.	To pass from one place to another; to move or transmit.	To travel throughout (a place).
travel	noun	A series of journeys.	An account of one's travels.	Distance that a keyboard's key moves vertically when depressed.	Labour; parturition; travail.	The act of traveling; passage from place to place.	The activity or traffic along a route or through a given point.	The working motion of a piece of machinery; the length of a mechanical stroke.
price	noun	The cost of an action or deed.	The cost required to gain possession of something.	Value; estimation; excellence; worth.
price	verb	To ask the price of.	To determine the monetary value of (an item); to put a price on.	To pay the price of; to make reparation for.	To set a price on; to value; to prize.
fine	adj	An answer often used to cover an unnecessary explanation, rather to avoid conflict or an argument. Saying "I'm fine" can be used to avoid inquiry when the speaker is not really okay.	Behind the batsman and at a small angle to the line between the wickets.	Being acceptable, adequate, passable, or satisfactory.	Consisting of especially minute particulates; made up of particularly small pieces.	Delicate; subtle; exquisite; artful; dexterous.	Good-looking, attractive.	Having a (specified) proportion of pure metal in its composition.	Impressively bad, inappropriate, or unsatisfactory.	Made of slender or thin filaments.	Of a particular grade of quality, usually between very good and very fine, and below mint.	Of superior quality.	Particularly slender; especially thin, narrow, or of small girth.	Senses referring to objective quality.	Senses referring to subjective quality.	Showy; overdecorated.	Subtle, delicately balanced or discriminated.	Subtle; thin; tenuous.	Sunny and not raining.
fine	adv	Finely; elegantly; delicately.	In a manner so that the driven ball strikes the object ball so far to one side as to be barely deflected, the object ball being driven to one side.	Well, nicely, in a positive, agreeable way.
fine	intj	Expression of (typically) reluctant acceptance, without further argument or discussion, of another person's viewpoint.	Expression of (typically) reluctant or agreement.
fine	noun	A drink that must be taken during a meal or as part of a drinking game, following an announcement that anyone who has done some (usually outrageous) deed is to be fined; similar to I have never; commonly associated with swaps; very similar to a sconce at Oxford University, though a fine is the penalty itself rather than the act of issuing it.	A fee levied as punishment for breaking the law.	A final agreement concerning lands or rents between persons, as the lord and his vassal.	A sum of money or price paid for obtaining a benefit, favor, or privilege, as for admission to a copyhold, or for obtaining or renewing a lease.	End; conclusion; termination; extinction.	Fine champagne; French brandy.	Money paid by a tenant on the commencement of a tenancy so that their rent may be small or nominal.	Something that is fine; fine particles.	The end of a musical composition.	The location in a musical score that indicates the end of the piece, particularly when the piece ends somewhere in the middle of the score due to a section of the music being repeated.
fine	verb	To become finer, purer, or cleaner.	To become gradually fine; to diminish; to dwindle (with away, down, or off).	To cause to cease; to stop.	To change by fine gradations.	To clarify (wine and beer) by filtration.	To finish; to cease.	To issue a fine as punishment to (someone).	To make finer, or less coarse, as in bulk, texture, etc.	To make finer, purer, or cleaner; to purify or clarify.	To pay a fine.
sometimes	adv	On a certain occasion in the past; once.	On some occasions, over some periods, or in certain circumstances, but not always.
sometimes	adj	Former; sometime.
red	intj	Used to indicate that the speaker wishes current sexual activity to stop immediately.
red	adj	Amerind; relating to Amerindians or First Nations.	Having a brown color.	Having a redder hue than usual due to embarrassment, anger, sunburn, etc.; flushed.	Having an orange-brown or orange-blond colour; ginger.	Left-wing parties and movements, chiefly socialist or communist, including the U.K. Labour party and the Social Democratic Party of Germany.	Of a red color charge.	Of a red hue.	Of the hearts or diamonds suits. Compare black (“of the spades or clubs suits”)	Of the lower-frequency region of the (typically visible) part of the electromagnetic spectrum which is relevant in the specific observation.	Supportive of, related to, or dominated by a political party or movement represented by the color red:	The U.S. Republican Party.
red	noun	A red kangaroo.	A red light (a traffic signal)	A redshank.	A revolutionary socialist or (most commonly) a Communist; (usually capitalized) a Bolshevik, a supporter of the Bolsheviks in the Russian Civil War.	An American Indian.	Any of several varieties of ale which are brewed with red or kilned malt, giving the beer a red colour.	Chili con carne (usually in the phrase "bowl of red").	One of the 15 red balls used in snooker, distinguished from the colours.	One of the three color charges for quarks.	Red lemonade	Red wine.	The colour of the setting sun, blood, and strawberries; the colour which is evoked by the longest visible wavelengths (between about 625–740 nm), and a primary additive colour.	The drug secobarbital; a capsule of this drug.	The redfish or red drum, Sciaenops ocellatus, a fish with reddish fins and scales.	Tomato ketchup.
red	verb	Alternative spelling of redd.	simple past and past participle of rede
check	noun	A bill, particularly in a restaurant.	A control; a limit or stop.	A lengthwise separation through the growth rings in wood.	A maneuver performed by a player to take another player out of the play.	A mark (especially a checkmark: ✓) used as an indicator.	A mark, certificate, or token by which errors may be prevented, or a thing or person may be identified.	A pattern made up of a grid of squares of alternating colors; a checkered pattern.	A situation in which the king is directly threatened by an opposing piece.	A small chink or crack.	A token used instead of cash in gaming machines, or in gambling generally.	An inspection or examination.	An order to a bank to pay money to a named person or entity.	Any fabric woven with such a pattern.	The forsaking by a hawk of its proper game to follow other birds.
check	verb	To act as a curb or restraint.	To announce that one is remaining in a hand without betting.	To check out, make sense or prove to be the case after verification or interrogation.	To chide, rebuke, or reprove.	To clash or interfere.	To control, limit, or halt.	To crack or gape open, as wood in drying; or to crack in small checks, as varnish, paint, etc.	To disrupt another player with the stick or body to obtain possession of the ball or puck.	To inspect; to examine.	To leave in safekeeping.	To leave with a shipping agent for shipping.	To make a move which puts an adversary's king in check; to put in check.	To make a stop; to pause.	To make checks or chinks in; to cause to crack.	To mark items on a list (with a checkmark or by crossing them out) that have been chosen for keeping or removal or that have been dealt with (for example, completed or verified as correct or satisfactory).	To mark with a check pattern.	To pass or bounce the ball to an opponent from behind the three-point line and have the opponent pass or bounce it back to start play.	To scold or rebuke someone.	To slack or ease off, as a brace which is too stiffly extended.	To turn, when in pursuit of proper game, and fly after other birds.	To verify or compare with a source of information.	To verify the accuracy of a text or translation, usually making some corrections (proofread) or many (copyedit).
check	intj	An expression showing that a requirement has been satisfied.	An expression that indicates that the speaker wishes to pay the bill (e.g. in a restaurant).
check	adj	Checky, i.e. chequy.
fail	verb	Not to achieve a particular stated goal. (Usage note: The direct object of this word is usually an infinitive.)	Of a machine, etc.: to cease to operate correctly.	To be affected with want; to come short; to lack; to be deficient or unprovided; used with of.	To be unsuccessful.	To be wanting to, to be insufficient for, to disappoint, to desert; to disappoint one's expectations.	To be wanting; to fall short; to be or become deficient in any measure or degree up to total absence.	To become unable to meet one's engagements; especially, to be unable to pay one's debts or discharge one's business obligation; to become bankrupt or insolvent.	To deteriorate in respect to vigour, activity, resources, etc.; to become weaker.	To err in judgment; to be mistaken.	To fall away; to become diminished; to decline; to decay; to sink.	To give a student a non-passing grade in an academic endeavour.	To miss attaining; to lose.	To neglect.	To perish; to die; used of a person.	To receive one or more non-passing grades in academic pursuits.
fail	noun	A failing grade in an academic examination.	A failure (something incapable of success).	A failure, especially of a financial transaction (a termination of an action).	A piece of turf cut from grassland.	Poor quality; substandard workmanship.
fail	adj	Unsuccessful; inadequate; unacceptable in some way.
afternoon	noun	A party or social event held in the afternoon.	The later part of anything, often with implications of decline.	The part of the day from noon or lunchtime until sunset, evening, or suppertime or 6pm.
afternoon	adv	In the afternoon.
afternoon	intj	Ellipsis of good afternoon.
strong	adj	Capable of producing great physical force.	Capable of withstanding great physical force.	Convincing.	Determined; unyielding.	Having a high alcoholic content.	Having a high concentration of an essential or active ingredient.	Having a specified number of people or units.	Having a wide range of logical consequences; widely applicable. (Often contrasted with a weak statement which it implies.)	Having an offensive or intense odor or flavor.	Having wealth or resources.	Highly stimulating to the senses.	Impressive, good.	Inflecting in a different manner than the one called weak, such as Germanic verbs which change vowels.	Not easily subdued or taken.	Possessing power, might, or strength.	Severe; very bad or intense.	That completely ionizes into anions and cations in a solution.
strong	adv	In a strong manner.
kiss	verb	Of two or more people, to touch each other's lips together, usually to express love or affection or passion.	To (cause to) touch lightly or slightly; to come into contact.	To touch with the lips or press the lips against, usually to show love or affection or passion, or as part of a greeting.	To treat with fondness.
kiss	noun	A low-speed mid-air collision between the envelopes of two hot air balloons, generally causing no damage or injury.	A touch with the lips, usually to express love or affection, or as a greeting.	A type of filled chocolate candy, shaped as if someone had kissed the top. See Hershey's Kisses.	An 'X' mark placed at the end of a letter or other type of message, signifying the bestowal of a kiss from the sender to the receiver.	The alignment of two bodies in the solar system such that they have the same longitude when seen from Earth; conjunction.
rich	adj	Composed of valuable or costly materials or ingredients; procured at great outlay; highly valued; precious; sumptuous; costly.	Elaborate, having complex formatting, multimedia, or depth of interaction.	Having an intense fatty or sugary flavour.	Not faint or delicate; vivid.	Of a fuel-air mixture: having more fuel (thus less air) than is necessary to burn all of the fuel; less air- or oxygen- rich than necessary for a stoichiometric reaction.	Of a solute-solvent solution: not weak (not diluted); of strong concentration.	Plentiful, abounding, abundant, fulfilling.	Remunerative.	Ridiculous, absurd, outrageous, preposterous, especially in a galling, hypocritical, or brazen way.	Trading at a price level which is high relative to historical trends, a similar asset, or (for derivatives) a theoretical value.	Very amusing.	Wealthy: having a lot of money and possessions.	Yielding large returns; productive or fertile; fruitful.
rich	noun	The rich people of a society or the world collectively, the rich class of a society.
rich	verb	To become rich.	To enrich.
save	verb	To accumulate money or valuables.	To avoid saying something.	To catch or deflect (a shot at goal).	To conserve or prevent the wasting of.	To economize or avoid waste.	To help (somebody) to survive, or rescue (somebody or something) from harm.	To keep (something) safe; to safeguard.	To make an agreement to give (some amount of money) to a fellow gambler if one wins, and to receive that amount from them if they win, as a form of hedging.	To obviate or make unnecessary.	To preserve, as a relief pitcher, (a win of another pitcher's on one's team) by defending the lead held when the other pitcher left the game.	To prevent harm or difficulty.	To put aside; to avoid.	To redeem or protect someone from eternal damnation.	To refrain from romantic or (especially in later use) sexual relationships until one is married or is with a suitable partner.	To spare (somebody) from effort, or from something undesirable.	To store for future use.	To write a file to disk or other storage medium.
save	noun	A point in a professional wrestling match when one or more wrestlers run to the ring to aid a fellow wrestler who is being beaten.	A saving throw.	A successful attempt by a relief pitcher to preserve the win of another pitcher on one's team.	An action that brings one back out of an awkward situation.	An instance of preventing (further) harm or difficulty.	In various sports, a block that prevents an opponent from scoring.	The act, process, or result of saving data to a storage medium.
save	prep	Except; with the exception of.
save	conj	unless; except
fact	noun	A feat or meritorious deed.	A wrongful or criminal deed.	Action; the realm of action.	An individual value or measurement at the lowest level of granularity in a data warehouse.	An objective consensus on a fundamental reality that has been agreed upon by a substantial number of experts.	Information about a particular subject, especially actual conditions and/or circumstances.	Something actual as opposed to invented.	Something concrete used as a basis for further interpretation.	Something which is real.
fact	intj	Used before making a statement to introduce it as a trustworthy one.
war	noun	A particular conflict of this kind.	A prolonged conflict between two groups of organized criminals, usually over organizational or territorial control.	A protracted instance of fierce competition in trade.	An argument between two or more people with opposing opinions on a topic or issue.	An assembly of weapons; instruments of war.	Any of a family of card games where all cards are dealt at the beginning of play and players attempt to capture them all, typically involving no skill and only serving to kill time.	Any protracted conflict, particularly	Armed forces.	Campaigns against various social problems.	Organized, large-scale, armed conflict between countries or between national, ethnic, or other sizeable groups, usually but not always involving active engagement of military forces.	Protracted armed conflict against irregular forces, particularly groups considered terrorists.
war	verb	To carry on, as a contest; to wage.	To engage in conflict (may be followed by "with" to specify the foe).
poor	adj	Deficient in a specified way.	Free from self-assertion; not proud or arrogant; meek.	Inadequate, insufficient.	Of low quality.	With no or few possessions or money, particularly in relation to contemporaries who do have them.	Worthy of pity.
poor	noun	A poor person.	Synonym of poor cod.	The poor people of a society or the world collectively, the poor class of a society.
poor	verb	Synonym of impoverish, to make poor.	To become poor.	To call poor.
key	noun	A color to be masked or made transparent.	A crucial step or requirement.	A guide to the correct answers of a worksheet or test.	A key position player (a tall forward or defender).	A keystone.	A kilogram, especially of a recreational drug.	A manual electrical switching device primarily used for the transmission of Morse code.	A modification of an advertisement so as to target a particular group or demographic.	A password restricting access to an IRC channel.	A piece of information (e.g., a password or passphrase) used to encode or decode a message or messages.	A piece of wood used as a wedge.	A scale or group of pitches constituting the basis of a musical composition.	A series of logically organized groups of discriminating information which aims to allow the user to correctly identify a taxon.	A small guide explaining symbols or terminology, especially the legend on a map or chart.	A value that uniquely identifies an entry in a container.	A wooden wedge, driven sideways between a bullhead rail and a cast-iron chair, to keep the rail securely in position.	Alternative form of quay.	An indehiscent, one-seeded fruit furnished with a wing, such as the fruit of the ash and maple; a samara.	An object designed to fit between two other objects (such as a shaft and a wheel) in a mechanism and maintain their relative orientation.	An object designed to open and close a lock.	Any of various tools comparable to a wrench (spanner) or driver, or, in some cases, also called a wrench or driver.	In a relational database, a field used as an index into another table (not necessarily unique).	In instruments with a keyboard such as an organ or piano, one of the levers, or especially the exposed front end of it, which are depressed to cause a particular sound or note to be produced.	In musical instruments, one of the valve levers used to select notes, such as a lever opening a hole on a woodwind.	In musical notation, a sign at the head of a staff indicating the musical key.	In musical theory and notation, the tonality centering in a given tone, or the several tones taken collectively, of a given scale, major or minor.	In musical theory, the total melodic and harmonic relations, which exist between the tones of an ideal scale, major or minor; tonality.	One of a string of small islands.	One of several small, usually square buttons on a typewriter or computer keyboard, mostly corresponding to text characters.	That part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place.	The black ink layer, especially in relation to the three color layers of cyan, magenta, and yellow. See also CMYK.	The degree of roughness, or retention ability of a surface to have applied a liquid such as paint, or glue.	The free-throw lane together with the circle surrounding the free-throw line, the free-throw lane having formerly been narrower, giving the area the shape of a skeleton key hole.	The general pitch or tone of a sentence or utterance.	The last board of a floor when laid down.	The lowest note of a scale; keynote.	The thirty-third card of the Lenormand deck.
key	adj	Important, salient.	Indispensable, supremely important.
key	verb	(more usually to key in) To enter (information) by typing on a keyboard or keypad.	Clipping of chromakey.	To attune to; to set at; to pitch.	To be identified as a certain taxon when using a key.	To depress (a telegraph key).	To fasten or secure firmly; to fasten or tighten with keys or wedges.	To fit (a lock) with a key.	To fit (pieces of a mechanical assembly) with a key to maintain the orientation between them.	To link (as one might do with a key or legend).	To mark or indicate with a symbol indicating membership in a class.	To modify (an advertisement) so as to target a particular group or demographic.	To operate (the transmitter switch of a two-way radio).	To prepare for plastering by adding the key (that part of the plastering which is forced through between the laths and holds the rest in place).	To provide an arch with a keystone.	To vandalize (a car, etc.) by scratching with an implement such as a key.
health	noun	A state of well-being or balance, often physical but sometimes also mental and social; the overall level of function of an organism from the cellular (micro) level to the social (macro) level.	A toast to prosperity.	A warrior; hero; man.	Cure, remedy.	Physical condition.	The amount of damage an in-game object can withstand before it is destroyed.	The state of being free from physical or psychological disease, illness, or malfunction; wellness.
explain	verb	To give the reason for, justification for, or cause of.	To make flat, smooth out.	To make plain, manifest, or intelligible; to clear of obscurity; to illustrate the meaning of.	To make something plain or intelligible.	To unfold or make visible.
snow	noun	A dish or component of a dish resembling snow, especially one made by whipping egg whites until creamy.	A period of time when snow falls; a winter.	A square-rigged sailing vessel similar to a brig formerly used as a warship, with a foremast, a mainmast, and a trysail mast immediately abaft (behind) the mainmast.	Also in the plural: white hair on an (older) person's head.	An accumulation or spread of snow.	An instance of the falling of snow (sense 1); a snowfall; also, a snowstorm.	Chiefly with a descriptive word: a substance other than water resembling snow when frozen; specifically, frozen carbon dioxide.	Clipping of marine snow (“sinking organic detritus in the ocean”).	Clusters of white flowers.	Cocaine; also (less frequently), heroin or morphine.	Money, especially silver coins.	Sea foam; sea spray.	Something resembling snow (sense 1) in appearance or color.	The moving pattern of random dots seen on a radar or television screen, etc., when no transmission signal is being received or when there is interference.	The partly frozen, crystalline state of water that falls from the atmosphere as precipitation in flakes; also, the falling of such flakes; and the accumulation of them on the ground or on objects as a white layer.	The white color of snow.	White linen which has been washed.	White marble.
snow	verb	Of a thing: to fall like snow.	Preceded by the dummy subject it: to have snow (noun sense 1) fall from the atmosphere.	To bluff (an opponent) in draw poker by playing a hand which has no value, or by refusing to draw any cards.	To cause (hair) to turn white; also, to cause (someone) to have white hair.	To cause (someone) to be under the effect of a drug; to dope, to drug.	To cause (something) to fall like snow.	To convince or hoodwink (someone), especially by presenting confusing information or through flattery.	To cover or scatter (a place or thing) with, or as if with, snow.
cause	noun	A goal, aim or principle, especially one which transcends purely selfish ends.	A suit or action in court; any legal process by which a party endeavors to obtain his claim, or what he regards as his right; case; ground of action.	Any subject of discussion or debate; a matter; an affair.	Sake; interest; advantage.	Sufficient reason.	The source of, or reason for, an event or action; that which produces or effects a result.
cause	verb	To actively produce as a result, by means of force or authority.	To assign or show cause; to give a reason; to make excuse.	To set off an event or action; to bring about; to produce.
cause	conj	Alternative form of 'cause; because
exactly	adv	Precisely, used to provide emphasis.	Without approximation; precisely.
exactly	intj	Signifies agreement or recognition.
dead	adj	Bringing death; deadly.	Broken or inoperable.	Completely inactive; currently without power; without a signal; not live.	Constructed so as not to reflect or transmit sound; soundless; anechoic.	Cut off from the rights of a citizen; deprived of the power of enjoying the rights of property.	Devoid of living things; barren.	Doomed; marked for death; as good as dead (literally or as a hyperbole).	Dying of laughter.	Exact; on the dot.	Experiencing pins and needles (paresthesia).	Expresses an emotional reaction associated with hyperbolic senses of die:	Expresses shock, second-hand embarrassment, etc.	Figuratively, not alive; lacking life.	Full and complete (usually applied to nouns involving lack of motion, sound, activity, or other signs of life).	Indifferent to; having no obligation toward; no longer subject to or ruled by (sin, guilt, pleasure, etc).	Intentionally designed so as not to impart motion or power.	Lacking usual activity; unexpectedly quiet or empty of people.	Lying so near the hole that the player is certain to hole it in the next stroke.	No longer living; deceased. (Also used as a noun.)	No longer used or required.	Not in play.	Of a syllable in languages such as Thai and Burmese: ending abruptly.	Past, bygone, vanished.	So hated or offensive as to be absolutely shunned, ignored, or ostracized.	Stationary; static; immobile or immovable.	Tagged out.	Unable to emit power, being discharged (flat) or faulty.	Unproductive; fallow.	Without emotion; impassive.	Without interest to one of the senses; dull; flat.
dead	adv	As if dead.	Exactly.	Suddenly and completely.	Very, absolutely, extremely.
dead	noun	(usually in the plural) Sterile mining waste, often present as many large rocks stacked inside the workings.	Clipping of deadlift.	Those who have died: dead people.	Time when coldness, darkness, or stillness is most intense.
dead	verb	To discontinue or put an end to (something).	To kill.	To make dead; to deaden; to deprive of life, force, or vigour.	To prevent by disabling; to stop.
front	noun	A field of activity.	A grill (jewellery worn on front teeth).	A major military subdivision of the Soviet Army.	A person or institution acting as the public face of some other, covert group.	A seafront or coastal promenade.	A woman's breast.	An act, show, façade, persona: an intentional and false impression of oneself.	An area where armies are engaged in conflict, especially the line of contact.	Cheek; boldness; impudence.	That which covers the foremost part of the head: a front piece of false hair worn by women.	The beginning.	The bellhop whose turn it is to answer a client's call, which is often the word "front" used as an exclamation.	The direction of the enemy.	The forehead or brow, the part of the face above the eyes; sometimes, also, the whole face.	The foremost side of something or the end that faces the direction it normally moves.	The interface or transition zone between two airmasses of different density, often resulting in precipitation. Since the temperature distribution is the most important regulator of atmospheric density, a front almost invariably separates airmasses of different temperature.	The lateral space occupied by an element measured from the extremity of one flank to the extremity of the other flank.	The most conspicuous part.	The side of a building with the main entrance.	When a combat situation does not exist or is not assumed, the direction toward which the command is faced.
front	adj	Closest or nearest, of a set of futures contracts which expire at particular times, or of the times they expire; (typically, the front month or front year is the next calendar month or year after the current one).	Located at or near the front.	Pronounced with the highest part of the body of the tongue toward the front of the mouth, near the hard palate (most often describing a vowel).
front	verb	Of an alter in a person with multiplicity (especially in dissociative identity disorder): to be the currently actively presenting member of (a system), in control of the person's body.	To act as a front (for); to cover (for).	To act cocky, disrespectful and aggressive; to confront (someone).	To adorn with, at the front; to put on the front.	To appear before.	To assume false or disingenuous appearances.	To deceive or attempt to deceive someone with false or disingenuous appearances (on).	To face (on, to); to be pointed in a given direction.	To face up to, to meet head-on, to confront.	To face, be opposite to.	To lead or be the spokesperson of (a campaign, organisation etc.).	To move (a word or clause) to the start of a sentence (or series of adjectives, etc).	To pronounce with the tongue in a front position.	To provide money or financial assistance in advance to.
interesting	adj	Arousing or holding the attention or interest of someone.	Of concern; affecting, important.	Pregnant. (used with situation and condition)
interesting	verb	present participle and gerund of interest
stupid	adj	Amazing.	Characterized by or in a state of stupor; paralysed.	Dulled in feeling or sensation; torpid.	Exhibiting the quality of having been done by someone lacking in intelligence.	Lacking in intelligence.	Lacking sensation; inanimate; destitute of consciousness; insensate.	To the point of stupor.	Unpleasant; annoying to the speaker. This sense can be used alongside obscene words.	Usually replaces an obscene or profane word, and thus is audibly stressed as such.	Without intelligence.
stupid	adv	Extremely.
stupid	noun	A stupid person; a fool.	The condition or state of being stupid; stupidity, stupidness.
rest	noun	A final position after death. Also, death itself: "Not alone, not alone would I go to my rest in the heart of the love..." -- George William Russell ("Love")	A pause of a specified length in a piece of music.	A place where one may rest, either temporarily, as in an inn, or permanently, as, in an abode.	A projection from the right side of the cuirass of armour, serving to support the lance.	A set or game at tennis.	A short pause in reading poetry; a caesura.	A state of inactivity; a state of little or no motion; a state of completion.	A stick with a U-, V- or X-shaped head used to support the tip of a cue when the cue ball is otherwise out of reach.	A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends, etc.; in the Bank of England, the balance of assets above liabilities.	A written symbol indicating such a pause in a musical score such as in sheet music.	Absence of motion.	Any object designed to be used to support something else.	Any relief from exertion; a state of quiet and relaxation.	Peace; freedom from worry, anxiety, annoyances; tranquility.	Relief from work or activity by sleeping; sleep.	That which remains.	The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account. Often, specifically, the intervals after which compound interest is added to capital.	Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others.
rest	verb	To arrest.	To be free from that which harasses or disturbs; be quiet or still; be undisturbed.	To be satisfied; to acquiesce.	To cease from action, motion, work, or performance of any kind; stop; desist; be without motion.	To come to a pause or an end; end.	To complete one's active advocacy in a trial or other proceeding, and thus to wait for the outcome (however, one is still generally available to answer questions, etc.)	To continue to be, remain, be left in a certain way.	To keep a certain way.	To lean, lie, or lay.	To lie dormant.	To put into a state of rest.	To rely or depend on.	To sleep the final sleep; sleep in death; die; be dead.	To sleep; slumber.	To stay, remain, be situated, or belong to.
clear	adj	Able to perceive straightforwardly; keen; acute; penetrating; discriminating.	Better than, superior to.	Bright; luminous; not dark or obscured.	Distinct, sharp, well-marked.	Easily or distinctly heard; audible.	Free from the influence of engrams; see Clear (Scientology).	Free of ambiguity or doubt; easily understood.	Free of guilt, or suspicion.	Free of obstacles.	Good, the best.	Not clouded with passion; serene; cheerful.	Of the sky, such that less than one eighth of its area is obscured by clouds.	Possessing little or no perceptible stimulus.	Showing a green aspect, allowing a train to proceed past it.	Transparent in colour.	Unmixed; entirely pure.	Without a thickening ingredient.	Without clouds.	Without defects or blemishes, such as freckles or knots.	Without diminution; in full; net.
clear	adv	All the way; entirely.	Free (or separate) from others.	In a clear manner; plainly.	Not near something or touching it.
clear	verb	Of a check or financial transaction, to go through as payment; to be processed so that the money is transferred.	To approve or authorise for a particular purpose or action; to give clearance to.	To become free from obstruction or obscurement; to become transparent.	To disengage oneself from incumbrances, distress, or entanglements; to become free.	To earn a profit of; to net.	To eliminate ambiguity or doubt from (a matter); to clarify or resolve; to clear up.	To exceed a stated mark.	To finish or complete (a stage, challenge, or game).	To hit, kick, head, punch etc. (a ball, puck) away in order to defend one's goal.	To leave abruptly; to clear off or clear out.	To obtain a clearance.	To obtain approval or authorisation in respect of.	To obtain permission to use (a sample of copyrighted audio) in another track.	To pass without interference; to miss.	To remove (items or material) so as to leave something unobstructed or open.	To remove from suspicion, especially of having committed a crime.	To remove obstructions, impediments or other unwanted items from.	To reset or unset; to return to an empty state or to zero.	To style (an element within a document) so that it is not permitted to float at a given position.	To unload a firearm, or undergo an unloading procedure, in order to prevent negligent discharge; for safety reasons, to check whether one's firearm is loaded or unloaded.
clear	noun	A person who is free from the influence of engrams.	Full extent; distance between extreme limits; especially; the distance between the nearest surfaces of two bodies, or the space between walls.	The completion of a stage or challenge, or of the whole game.
case	noun	A box that contains or can contain a number of identical items of manufacture.	A box, sheath, or covering generally.	A cardboard box that holds (usually 24) beer bottles or cans.	A counterfeit crown (five-shilling coin).	A given condition or state.	A legal proceeding; a lawsuit or prosecution.	A love affair.	A piece of furniture, constructed partially of transparent glass or plastic, within which items can be displayed.	A piece of luggage that can be used to transport an apparatus such as a sewing machine.	A piece of work, specifically defined within a profession; the set of tasks involved in addressing the situation of a specific person or event.	A section of code representing one of the actions of a conditional switch.	A shallow tray divided into compartments or "boxes" for holding type, traditionally arranged in sets of two, the "upper case" (containing capitals, small capitals, accented) and "lower case" (small letters, figures, punctuation marks, quadrats, and spaces).	A small fissure which admits water into the workings.	A specific inflection of a word (particularly a noun, pronoun, or adjective) depending on its function in the sentence.	A suitcase.	A thin layer of harder metal on the surface of an object whose deeper metal is allowed to remain soft.	A unit of liquid measure used to measure sales in the beverage industry, equivalent to 192 fluid ounces.	An actual event, situation, or fact.	An enclosing frame or casing.	An instance of a specific condition or set of symptoms.	An instance or event as a topic of study.	Four of a kind.	Grammatical cases and their meanings taken either as a topic in general or within a specific language.	The nature of a piece of alphabetic type, whether a “capital” (upper case) or “small” (lower case) letter.	The outer covering or framework of a piece of apparatus such as a computer.
case	verb	To cover or protect with, or as if with, a case; to enclose.	To place (an item or items of manufacture) into a box, as in preparation for shipment.	To propose hypothetical cases.	To survey (a building or other location) surreptitiously, as in preparation for a robbery.
case	adj	The last remaining card of a particular rank.
less	adv	To a smaller extent or degree.	Used for constructing syntactic diminutive comparatives of adjectives and adverbs.	comparative degree of little
less	det	A smaller amount of; not as much.	Fewer; a smaller number of.	comparative form of little: more little; of inferior size, degree or extent; smaller, lesser.
less	prep	Minus; not including
less	verb	Alternative form of let's.	To make less; to lessen.
less	adj	Lesser; smaller.
less	noun	A smaller amount or quantity.
less	conj	unless
secret	noun	A form of steel skullcap.	A piece of knowledge that is hidden and intended to be kept hidden.	Any prayer spoken inaudibly and not aloud; especially, one of the prayers in the Tridentine Mass, immediately following the "orate, fratres", said inaudibly by the celebrant.	Private seclusion.	Something not understood or known.	The genital organs.	The key or principle by which something is made clear; the knack.
secret	verb	To hide secretly.	To make or keep secret.
secret	adj	Being or kept hidden.	Faithful to a secret; not inclined to divulge or betray confidence; secretive, separate, apart.	Separate; distinct.	Withdrawn from general intercourse or notice; in retirement or secrecy; secluded.
real	adj	Absolute, complete, utter.	Actually being, existing, or occurring; not fictitious or imaginary.	Being either a rational number, or the limit of a convergent infinite sequence of rational numbers: being one of a set of numbers with a one-to-one correspondence to the points on a line.	Firm through directness, readiness to confront.	Genuine, not artificial, counterfeit, or fake.	Genuine, unfeigned, sincere.	Having been adjusted to remove the effects of inflation; measured in purchasing power (contrast nominal).	Relating to immovable tangible property.	Relating to the result of the actions of rational agents; relating to neoclassical economic models as opposed to Keynesian models.	Signifying meritorious qualities or actions, especially with regard to genuineness, groundedness, and true success rather than poser imitations of success.	That has objective, physical existence.	True, genuine, not merely nominal or apparent.
real	adv	Really; very.
real	noun	A coin worth one real.	A commodity; see realty.	A real number.	A realist.	A unit of currency used in Brazil since 1994. Symbol: R$.	A unit of currency used in Portugal and its colonies from 1430 until 1911, and in Brazil from 1790 until 1942.	Former unit of currency of Spain and Spain's colonies.	One of the three genders that the common gender can be separated into in the Scandinavian languages.
careful	adj	Conscientious and painstaking; meticulous.	Full of care or grief; sorrowful, sad.	Full of cares or anxiety; worried, troubled.	Taking care; attentive to potential danger, error or harm; cautious.
hide	verb	To beat with a whip made from hide.	To put (something) in a place where it will be out of sight or harder to discover.	To put oneself in a place where one will be out of sight or harder to find.
hide	noun	(mainly British) A covered structure from which hunters, birdwatchers, etc can observe animals without scaring them.	A covered structure to which a pet animal can retreat, as is recommended for snakes.	A secret room for hiding oneself or valuables; a hideaway.	A unit of land and tax assessment of varying size, originally as intended to support one household with dependents.	One's own life or personal safety, especially when in peril.	The human skin.	The skin of an animal.
side	noun	A bounding straight edge of a two-dimensional shape.	A dish that accompanies the main course; a side dish.	A flat surface of a three-dimensional object; a face.	A group having a particular allegiance in a conflict or competition.	A group of morris dancers who perform together.	A line of descent traced through a particular relative, usually a parent or spouse, as distinguished from that traced through another.	A man who prefers not to engage in anal sex during same-sex sexual activity.	A recorded piece of music; a record, especially in jazz.	A region in a specified position with respect to something.	A root.	A sports team.	A television channel, usually as opposed to the one currently being watched (from when there were only two channels).	A written monologue or part of a scene to be read by an actor at an audition.	An unjustified air of self-importance; a conceited attitude.	One half (left or right, top or bottom, front or back, etc.) of something or someone.	One possible aspect of a concept, person, or thing.	One set of competitors in a game.	One surface of a sheet of paper (used instead of "page", which can mean one or both surfaces.)	Sidespin; english	The batters faced in an inning by a particular pitcher.	The portion of the human torso usually covered by the arms when they are not raised; the areas on the left and right between the belly or chest and the back.
side	adj	Being on the left or right, or toward the left or right; lateral.	Far; distant.	Indirect; oblique; incidental.	Wide; large; long, pendulous, hanging low, trailing; far-reaching.
side	verb	To ally oneself, be in an alliance, usually with "with" or rarely "in with"	To be or stand at the side of; to be on the side toward.	To clear, tidy or sort.	To furnish with a siding.	To lean on one side.	To provide with, as a side or accompaniment.	To suit; to pair; to match.	To work (a timber or rib) to a certain thickness by trimming the sides.
side	adv	Widely; wide; far.
God	name	God the Father as distinguished from Jesus Christ, God the Son.	The first deity of various theistic religions, and the only deity in the Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.	The single male deity of various bitheistic or duotheistic religions.	The transcendent principle, for example the ultimate cause or prime mover, often not considered as a person.
God	noun	A being such as a monotheistic God: a single divine creator and ruler of the universe.
God	intj	Ellipsis of oh God: expressing annoyance or frustration.
trip	noun	A faux pas, a social error.	A flock of wigeons.	A herd or flock of sheep, goats, etc.	A journey; an excursion or jaunt.	A mechanical cutout device.	A period of time in which one experiences drug-induced reverie or hallucinations.	A quick, light step; a lively movement of the feet; a skip.	A single tack while beating (sailing to windward).	A stumble or misstep.	A trip-switch or cut-out.	A troop of men; a host.	An error; a failure; a mistake.	Intense involvement in or enjoyment of a condition.	The act of tripping someone, or causing them to lose their footing.
trip	verb	Of an electrical circuit, to trip out (through overload, a short circuit).	To act foolishly or irrationally.	To activate or set in motion, as in the activation of a trap, explosive, or switch.	To be activated, as by a signal or an event	To be guilty of a misstep or mistake; to commit an offence against morality, propriety, etc	To become unreasonably upset, especially over something unimportant; to cause a scene or a disruption.	To cause (a person or animal) to fall or stumble by knocking their feet from under them.	To detect in a misstep; to catch; to convict.	To experience a state of reverie or to hallucinate, due to consuming psychoactive drugs.	To fall over or stumble over an object as a result of striking it with one's foot	To journey, to make a trip.	To move with light, quick steps; to walk or move lightly; to skip.	To pull (a yard) into a perpendicular position for lowering it.	To raise (an anchor) from the bottom, by its cable or buoy rope, so that it hangs free.
trip	adj	Of or relating to trips (three of a kind).
daughter	noun	A daughter language.	A descendant.	A familiar address to a female person from an older or otherwise more authoritative person.	A female character of a creator.	A female descendant.	A nuclide left over from radioactive decay.	One’s female offspring.
rather	adv	Introducing a qualification or clarification; more precisely. (Now usually preceded by or.)	More quickly.	Somewhat, quite; to an unexpected degree.	Used to introduce a contradiction; on the contrary.	Used to specify a choice or preference; preferably, in preference to. (Now usually followed by than)
rather	adj	Prior; earlier; former.
rather	intj	An enthusiastic affirmation.
rather	noun	A choice or a preference.
rather	verb	To prefer; to prefer to.
steal	verb	To acquire at a low price.	To advance safely to (another base) during the delivery of a pitch, without the aid of a hit, walk, passed ball, wild pitch, or defensive indifference.	To appropriate without giving credit or acknowledgement.	To borrow for a short moment.	To convey (something) clandestinely.	To dispossess	To draw attention unexpectedly in (an entertainment), especially by being the outstanding performer. Usually used in the phrase steal the show.	To get or effect surreptitiously or artfully.	To move silently or secretly.	To take illegally, or without the owner's permission, something owned by someone else without intending to return it.	To take or retell someone else’s joke; to use a clever phrase or expression from someone else in one's own speaking or writing.	To withdraw or convey (oneself) clandestinely.
steal	noun	A piece of merchandise available at a very low, attractive price; the act of buying it.	A policy in database systems that a database follows which allows a transaction to be written on nonvolatile storage before its commit occurs.	A situation in which a defensive player actively takes possession of the ball or puck from the opponent's team.	A stolen base.	Scoring in an end without the hammer.	The act of stealing.
store	noun	A great quantity or number; abundance.	A head of store cattle (feeder cattle to be sold to others for finishing); a store cattle beast.	A place where items may be accumulated or routinely kept.	A place where items may be purchased; a shop.	A supply held in storage.	Memory.
store	verb	Have the capacity and capability to contain.	To contain.	To keep (something) while not in use, generally in a place meant for that purpose.	To stock, to fill (a container, repository, etc.) with things.	To write (something) into memory or registers.
notice	noun	A formal notification or warning.	A published critical review of a play or the like.	A written or printed announcement.	Advance notification of termination of employment, given by an employer to an employee or vice versa.	Attention; respectful treatment; civility.	Prior notification.	The act of observing; perception.
notice	verb	To be noticeable; to show.	To become aware of; to observe.	To lavish attention upon; to treat (someone) favourably.	To remark upon; to mention.
river	noun	A large and often winding stream which drains a land mass, carrying water down from higher areas to a lower point, oftentimes ending in another body of water, such as an ocean or in an inland sea.	A visually undesirable effect of white space running down a page, caused by spaces between words on consecutive lines happening to coincide.	Any large flow of a liquid in a single body.	One who rives or splits.	The last card dealt in a hand.
river	verb	To improve one’s hand to beat another player on the final card in a poker game.
dollar	noun	A quarter of a pound or one crown, historically minted as a coin of approximately the same size and composition as a then-contemporary dollar coin of the United States, and worth slightly more.	A unit of reactivity equal to the interval between delayed criticality and prompt criticality.	Imported from the United States, and paid for in U.S. dollars. (Note: distinguish "dollar wheat", North American farmers' slogan, meaning a market price of one dollar per bushel.)	Money generally.	Official designation for currency in some parts of the world, including Canada, the United States, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, Hong Kong, and elsewhere. Its symbol is $.
interested	adj	Having an interest (stake); being a stakeholder; motivated by considerations of self-interest; self-serving.	Having or showing interest (attention or curiosity).	Owning a share of a company; being a shareholder.
interested	verb	simple past and past participle of interest
hospital	noun	A building founded for the long-term care of its residents, such as an almshouse.	A large medical facility, usually in a building with multiple floors, where seriously ill or injured patients are given extensive medical or surgical treatment.	A place of lodging.
hospital	adj	Hospitable.
consider	verb	To assign some quality to.	To believe or opine (that).	To debate (or dispose of) a motion.	To have regard to; to take into view or account; to pay due attention to; to respect.	To look at attentively.	To take up as an example.	To think about seriously.	To think about something seriously or carefully: to deliberate.	To think of doing.
advice	noun	A communication providing information, such as how an uncertain area of law might apply to possible future actions	An opinion offered to guide behavior in an effort to be helpful.	Counseling to perform a specific illegal act.	Counseling to perform a specific legal act.	Deliberate consideration; knowledge.	In aspect-oriented programming, the code whose execution is triggered when a join point is reached.	In commercial language, information communicated by letter; used chiefly in reference to drafts or bills of exchange	In language about financial transactions executed by formal documents, an advisory document.	Information or news given; intelligence
advice	verb	Misspelling of advise.
tall	adj	Bold; brave; courageous; valiant.	Fine; proper; admirable; great; excellent.	Hard to believe, such as a tall story or a tall tale.	Having a vertical extent greater than the average. For example, somebody with a height of over 6 feet would generally be considered to be tall.	Having its top a long way up; having a great vertical (and often greater than horizontal) extent.	Obsequious; obedient.	Seemly; suitable; fitting, becoming, comely; attractive, handsome.	Smaller than grande, usually 8 ounces (~ 230 ml).
tall	noun	A clothing size for taller people.	A tall serving of a drink, especially one from Starbucks, which contains 12 ounces.	Someone or something that is tall.
rule	noun	A determinate method prescribed for performing any operation and producing a certain result.	A normal condition or state of affairs.	A regulating principle.	A regulation, law, guideline.	A ruler; device for measuring, a straightedge, a measure.	A straight line (continuous mark, as made by a pen or the like), especially one lying across a paper as a guide for writing.	A thin plate of brass or other metal, of the same height as the type, and used for printing lines, as between columns on the same page, or in tabular work.	An order regulating the practice of the courts, or an order made between parties to an action or a suit.	Conduct; behaviour.	Revelry.	The act of ruling; administration of law; government; empire; authority; control.
rule	verb	To decide judicially.	To establish or settle by, or as by, a rule; to fix by universal or general consent, or by common practice.	To excel.	To mark (paper or the like) with rules (lines).	To regulate, be in charge of, make decisions for, reign over.	To revel.
reach	verb	Alternative form of retch.	To arrive at (a place) by effort of any kind.	To arrive at a particular destination, especially to join someone; to meet up.	To arrive at a particular destination.	To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body, or something held, so as to touch, strike, grasp, etc.	To connect with (someone) on an emotional level, making them receptive of (one); to get through to (someone).	To continue living until or up to (a certain age).	To extend an action, effort, or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce, or cut.	To extend in dimension, time etc.; to stretch out continuously (past, beyond, above, from etc. something).	To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent.	To extend, stretch, or thrust out (for example a limb or object held in the hand).	To give to someone by stretching out a limb, especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another person; to hand over.	To make contact with.	To sail on the wind, as from one point of tacking to another, or with the wind nearly abeam.	To strain after something; to make (sometimes futile or pretentious) efforts.	To stretch out the hand.	To strike or touch.	To understand; to comprehend.
reach	noun	A level stretch of a watercourse, as between rapids in a river or locks in a canal. (examples?)	A stretch of a watercourse which can be sailed in one reach (in the previous sense). An extended portion of water; a stretch; a straightish portion of a stream, river, or arm of the sea extending up into the land, as from one turn to another. By extension, the adjacent land.	Alternative form of retch.	Alternative form of riichi.	An article to obtain an advantage.	An exaggeration; an extension beyond evidence or normal; a stretch.	An extended portion or area of land or water.	Any point of sail in which the wind comes from the side of a vessel, excluding close-hauled.	Extent; stretch; expanse; hence, application; influence; result; scope.	The ability to reach or touch with the person, a limb, or something held or thrown.	The act of stretching or extending; extension.	The distance a boxer's arm can extend to land a blow.	The distance traversed between tacks.	The pole or rod connecting the rear axle with the forward bolster of a wagon.	The power of stretching out or extending action, influence, or the like; power of attainment or management; extent of force or capacity.
opinion	noun	A belief, judgment or perspective that a person has formed, either through objective or subjective reasoning, about a topic, issue, person or thing.	A judicial opinion delivered by an Advocate General to the European Court of Justice where he or she proposes a legal solution to the cases for which the court is responsible.	Favorable estimation; hence, consideration; reputation; fame; public sentiment or esteem.	Obstinacy in holding to one's belief or impression; opiniativeness; conceitedness.	The formal decision, or expression of views, of a judge, an umpire, a doctor, or other party officially called upon to consider and decide upon a matter or point submitted.	The judgment or sentiment which the mind forms of persons or things; estimation.
opinion	verb	To have or express as an opinion.
cost	verb	To calculate or estimate a price.	To cause something to be lost; to cause the expenditure or relinquishment of.	To cost (a person) a great deal of money or suffering.	To incur a charge of; to require payment of a (specified) price.	To require to be borne or suffered; to cause.
cost	noun	A cottise.	A negative consequence or loss that occurs or is required to occur.	A rib; a side.	Amount of money, time, etc. that is required or used.	Manner; way; means; available course; contrivance.	Quality; condition; property; value; worth; a wont or habit; disposition; nature; kind; characteristic.
smile	noun	A drink bought by one person for another.	A facial expression comprised by flexing the muscles of both ends of one's mouth, often showing the front teeth, without vocalisation, and in humans is a common involuntary or voluntary expression of happiness, pleasure, amusement, goodwill, or anxiety.	Favour; propitious regard.
smile	verb	Of ackee fruit: to open fully, indicating that it is no longer toxic, and ready to be picked.	To be propitious or favourable; to countenance.	To express amusement, pleasure, or love and kindness.	To express by smiling.	To have (a smile) on one's face.	To look cheerful and joyous; to have an appearance suited to excite joy.
offer	noun	A proposal that has been made.	An invitation to enter into a binding contract communicated to another party which contains terms sufficiently definite to create an enforceable contract if the other party accepts the invitation.	Something put forth, bid, proffered or tendered.	agent noun of off
offer	verb	To bid, as a price, reward, or wages.	To happen, to present itself.	To make an attempt; typically used with at.	To place (something) in a position where it can be added to an existing mechanical assembly.	To place at someone’s disposal; to present (something) to be either accepted or turned down.	To present (something) for sale.	To present (something) to God or gods, as a gesture of worship or as a sacrifice.	To present (something) to the sight etc.; to provide for use, consideration etc.	To present in words; to proffer; to make a proposal of; to suggest.	To propose or express one's willingness (to do something).	To put in opposition to; to manifest in an offensive or defensive way; to threaten.
second	adj	Being of the same kind as one that has preceded; another.	Next to the first in value, power, excellence, dignity, or rank; secondary; subordinate; inferior.	Number-two; following after the first one with nothing between them. The ordinal number corresponding to the cardinal number two.
second	adv	After the first occurrence but before the third.	After the first; at the second rank.
second	noun	A Cub Scout appointed to assist the sixer.	A chance or attempt to achieve what should have been done the first time, usually indicating success this time around. (See second-guess.)	A manufactured item that, though still usable, fails to meet quality control standards.	A second-class honours degree.	A short, indeterminate amount of time.	A unit of angle equal to one-sixtieth of a minute of arc or one part in 3600 of a degree.	A unit of time historically and commonly defined as a sixtieth of a minute which the International System of Units more precisely defines as the duration of 9,192,631,770 periods of radiation corresponding to the transition between two hyperfine levels of caesium-133 in a ground state at a temperature of absolute zero and at rest.	Aid; assistance; help.	An additional helping of food.	One who supports another in a contest or combat, such as a dueller's assistant.	One who supports or seconds a motion, or the act itself, as required in certain meetings to pass judgement etc.	Second base.	Something that is next in rank, quality, precedence, position, status, or authority.	Something that is number two in a series.	The agent of a party to an honour dispute whose role was to try to resolve the dispute or to make the necessary arrangements for a duel.	The interval between two adjacent notes in a diatonic scale (either or both of them may be raised or lowered from the basic scale via any type of accidental).	The place that is next below or after first in a race or contest.	The second gear of an engine.
second	verb	To accompany by singing as the second performer.	To agree as a second person to (a proposal), usually to reach a necessary quorum of two. (See etymology 3 for translations.)	To agree as a second person to (a proposal), usually to reach a necessary quorum of two. (This may come from etymology 1 above.)	To assist or support; to back.	To climb after a lead climber.	To follow in the next place; to succeed.	To transfer temporarily to alternative employment.
glad	adj	Having a bright or cheerful appearance; expressing or exciting joy; producing gladness.	Pleased; happy; gratified.
glad	verb	To make glad.
glad	noun	A gladiolus (plant).
homework	noun	Any work that is done at home; housework.	Exercises assigned by a teacher to a student which review concepts studied in class.	Sexual intercourse.	Something which one is encouraged to learn or study on one's own.	Tasks assigned by a dominant for a submissive to perform when they are physically away from their dominant or otherwise free.
human	adj	Having the nature or attributes of a human being.	Of or belonging to the species Homo sapiens or its closest relatives.
human	noun	A highly intelligent ape with minimal body hair; the most abundant species of primate (Homo sapiens).	A human as contrasted from superficially similar but typically more powerful humanoid creatures; a member of the human race.	A term of address for any human, often implying the listener's species is their only noteworthy trait.	Any hominid of the genus Homo.
human	verb	To behave as or become, or to cause to behave as or become, a human.
youll		
accept	verb	To acknowledge patiently without opposition or resistance.	To admit to a place or a group.	To agree to pay.	To do a service done by an establishment.	To endure patiently.	To receive as adequate or satisfactory.	To receive officially.	To receive or admit to; to agree to; to assent to; to submit to.	To receive something willingly.	To receive, especially with a consent, with favour, or with approval.	To regard as proper, usual, true, or to believe in.
accept	adj	Accepted.
accept	noun	Something that is accepted.
road	noun	A hard, flat pitch, typically favourable for batters.	A hostile ride against a particular area; a raid.	A journey, or stage of a journey.	A partly sheltered area of water near a shore in which vessels may ride at anchor; a roadstead.	A path chosen, as in life or career.	A physical way or route.	A railway or (UK, rail transport) a single railway track.	A way used for travelling between places, originally one wide enough to allow foot passengers and horses to travel, now (US) usually one surfaced with asphalt or concrete and designed to accommodate many vehicles travelling in both directions. In the UK both senses are heard: a country road is the same as a country lane.	An underground tunnel in a mine.	Roads in general as a means of travel, especially by motor vehicle.	The act of riding on horseback.
road	adj	At the venue of the opposing team or competitor; on the road.	Of or pertaining to a road bike.
animal	noun	A higher animal; an animal related to humans.	A non-human mammal.	A person of a particular type specified by an adjective.	A person who behaves wildly; a bestial, brutal, brutish, cruel, or inhuman person.	A tetrapod; a land-dwelling nonhuman vertebrate.	A warm-blooded animal; a mammal or bird.	Any member of the kingdom Animalia of multicellular organisms that are usually mobile, whose cells are not encased in a rigid cell wall (distinguishing them from plants and fungi) and which derive energy solely from the consumption of other organisms (further distinguishing them from plants).	Any member of the kingdom Animalia other than a human.	Matter, thing.
animal	adj	Excellent.	Of or relating to animals.	Pertaining to the spirit or soul; relating to sensation or innervation.	Raw, base, unhindered by social codes.
air	noun	A breeze; a gentle wind.	A feeling or sense.	A local environment or atmosphere, in the context of its effects on behavior, health, weather, etc.	A melody or song, especially a solo; an aria.	A sense of poise, graciousness, or quality.	A television or radio signal; (by extension) media broadcasts in general.	An air conditioning system.	Any specific gas.	Nothing; absence of anything.	One of the four elements of the ancient Greeks and Romans.	Pretension; snobbishness; pretence that one is better than others.	Publicity.	The apparently open space above the ground which this substance fills, (historical) formerly thought to be limited by the firmament but (meteorology) now considered to be surrounded by the near-vacuum of outer space.	The state of being briefly airborne during a jump.	The substance constituting Earth's atmosphere: a gaseous mixture of nitrogen, oxygen, and various trace gases.	The substance of the atmosphere on a planet other than Earth.	The substance of the atmosphere seen as an agency of freshness.
air	verb	Pronunciation spelling of are.	To be broadcast.	To bring (something) into contact with the air, so as to freshen or dry it.	To broadcast (a television show etc.).	To ignore (a person).	To let fresh air into (a room or a building), to ventilate.	To make public (an opinion, concern, issue, secret, differences, etc); to present to public view (and sometimes discussion).
hit	verb	(of an exercise) to affect, to work a body part.	In blackjack, to deal a card to.	To activate a button or key by pressing and releasing it.	To administer a blow to, directly or with a weapon or missile.	To affect negatively.	To affect someone, as if dealing a blow to that person.	To attack, especially amphibiously.	To attack.	To attain, to achieve.	To briefly visit.	To come into contact with forcefully and suddenly.	To come up to bat.	To commence playing.	To encounter an obstacle or other difficulty.	To guess; to light upon or discover.	To have sex with.	To inhale an amount of smoke from a narcotic substance, particularly marijuana.	To kill a person, usually on the instructions of a third party.	To make a play.	To manage to touch (a target) in the right place.	To meet or reach what was aimed at or desired; to succeed, often by luck.	To reach or achieve.	To strike against something.	To strike.	To switch on or switch off (lights).	To take up, or replace by a piece belonging to the opposing player; said of a single unprotected piece on a point.	To use; to connect to.	To work out.
hit	noun	A blow; a calamitous or damaging occurrence.	A blow; a punch; a striking against; the collision of one body against another; the stroke that touches anything.	A collision of a projectile with the target.	A dose of an illegal or addictive drug.	A game won after the adversary has removed some of his men. It counts for less than a gammon.	A match found by searching a computer system or search engine	A measured visit to a web site, a request for a single file from a web server.	A move that throws one of the opponent's men back to the entering point.	A peculiarly apt expression or turn of thought; a phrase which hits the mark.	A premeditated murder done for criminal or political purposes.	An approximately correct answer in a test set.	An attack on a location, person or people.	In the game of Battleship, a correct guess at where one's opponent ship is.	Something very successful, such as a song, film, or video game, that receives widespread recognition and acclaim.	The complete play, when the batter reaches base without the benefit of a walk, error, or fielder’s choice.
hit	adj	Very successful.
hit	pron	It.
shoe	noun	A band of iron or steel, or a ship of wood, fastened to the bottom of the runner of a sleigh, or any vehicle which slides on the snow.	A device for holding multiple decks of playing cards, allowing more games to be played by reducing the time between shuffles.	A drag, or sliding piece of wood or iron, placed under the wheel of a loaded vehicle, to retard its motion in going down a hill.	A fake passport.	A piece of metal designed to be attached to a horse's foot as a means of protection; a horseshoe.	A plate, or notched piece, interposed between a moving part and the stationary part on which it bears, to take the wear and afford means of adjustment; called also slipper and gib.	A pneumatic tire, especially for an automobile.	A protective covering for the foot, with a bottom part composed of thick leather or plastic sole and often a thicker heel, and a softer upper part made of leather or synthetic material. Shoes generally do not extend above the ankle, as opposed to boots, which do.	A trough or spout for conveying grain from the hopper to the eye of the millstone.	A trough-shaped or spout-shaped member, put at the bottom of the water leader coming from the eaves gutter, so as to throw the water off from the building.	An inclined trough in an ore-crushing mill.	An ingot of gold or silver shaped somewhat like a traditional Chinese shoe, formerly used in trade in the Far East.	An iron socket or plate to take the thrust of a strut or rafter.	An iron socket to protect the point of a wooden pile.	Part of a current collector on electric trains which provides contact either with a live rail or an overhead wire (fitted to a pantograph in the latter case).	Something resembling a shoe in form, position, or function, such as a brake shoe.	The outer cover or tread of a pneumatic tire, especially for an automobile.	The part of a railroad car brake which presses upon the wheel to retard its motion.
shoe	verb	To cover an object with a protective layer of material.	To put shoes on one's own feet.	To put shoes on someone or something else's feet, especially to put horseshoes on a horse.
sense	noun	A meaning of a term (word or expression), among its various meanings.	A natural appreciation or ability.	A single conventional use of a word; one of the entries or definitions for a word in a dictionary.	Any of the manners by which living beings perceive the physical world: for humans sight, smell, hearing, touch, taste.	One of two opposite directions in which a vector (especially of motion) may point. See also polarity.	One of two opposite directions of rotation, clockwise versus anti-clockwise.	Perception through the intellect; apprehension; awareness.	Sound practical or moral judgment.	The meaning, reason, or value of something.	The way that a referent is presented.	referring to the strand of a nucleic acid that directly specifies the product.
sense	verb	To comprehend.	To instinctively be aware.	To use biological senses: to either see, hear, smell, taste, or feel.
clothes	noun	Items of clothing; apparel.	Laundry (hung on a clothesline).	The covering of a bed; bedclothes.	plural of cloth.
clothes	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of clothe
team	noun	A group of animals moving together, especially young ducks.	A group of people who favor one side of a binary debate that is divided and lacks a well-established clear consensus.	A royalty or privilege granted by royal charter to a lord of a manor, of having, keeping, and judging in his court, his bondmen, neifes, and villains, and their offspring, or suit, that is, goods and chattels, and appurtenances thereto.	A set of draught animals, such as two horses in front of a carriage.	Any group of people involved in the same activity, especially sports or work.
team	verb	Misspelling of teem.	To convey or haul with a team.	To form a group, as for sports or work.	To form together into a team.	To give work to a gang under a subcontractor.	To go together well; to harmonize.
team	intj	Used to propose that another player team up with the speaker.
fly	noun	A butterfly (combination of four options).	A chest exercise performed by moving extended arms from the sides to in front of the chest. (also flye)	A fly ball.	A lightweight fishing lure resembling an insect.	A parasite.	A piece of canvas that covers the opening at the front of a tent.	A shuttle driven through the shed by a blow or jerk.	A simple dance in which the hands are shaken in the air, popular in the 1960s.	A strip of material (sometimes hiding zippers or buttons) at the front of a pair of trousers, pants, underpants, bootees, etc.	A type of small, light, fast horse-drawn carriage that can be hired for transportation (sometimes pluralised flys).	A vibrating frame with fingers, attached to a power printing press for doing the same work.	A wing.	A witch's familiar.	Alternative form of vly (“swamp (in New York)”).	An act of flying.	An exercise that involves wide opening and closing of the arms perpendicular to the shoulders.	Any insect of the order Diptera; characterized by having two wings (except for some wingless species), also called true flies.	Any similar but not closely related insect, such as a dragonfly, butterfly, or gallfly.	Ellipsis of fly route.	Ellipsis of flywheel.	Especially, any of the insects of the family Muscidae, such as the common housefly (other families of Diptera include mosquitoes and midges).	In a knitting machine, the piece hinged to the needle, which holds the engaged loop in position while the needle is penetrating another loop; a latch.	One of the upper screens of a stage in a theatre.	That part of a compass on which the points are marked; the compass card.	The action of flying; flight.	The butterfly stroke (plural is normally flys).	The free edge of a flag.	The horizontal length of a flag.	The pair of arms revolving around the bobbin, in a spinning wheel or spinning frame, to twist the yarn.	The part of a weather vane pointing the direction from which the wind blows.	The person who took the printed sheets from the press.	The sloping or roof part of the canvas of a tent.	Two or more vanes set on a revolving axis, to act as a fanner, or to equalize or impede the motion of machinery by the resistance of the air, as in the striking part of a clock.	Waste cotton.
fly	verb	To be accepted, come about or work out.	To be in the winged adult stage.	To cause to fly (travel or float in the air): to transport via air or the like.	To display (a flag) on a flagpole.	To flee, to escape (from).	To hit a fly ball; to hit a fly ball that is caught for an out. Compare ground (verb) and line (verb).	To hunt with a hawk.	To move suddenly, or with violence; to do an act suddenly or swiftly.	To proceed with great success.	To travel or proceed very fast; to hasten.	To travel through the air, another gas, or a vacuum, without being in contact with a grounded surface.
fly	adj	Beautiful; displaying physical beauty.	Clandestine, surreptitious	Quick-witted, alert, mentally sharp.	Well dressed, smart in appearance; in style, cool.
anybody	pron	A person of some consideration or standing.	Any one out of an indefinite number of persons; anyone; any person.
white	adj	Affected by leucism.	Alwhite, pertaining to white armor.	Bright and colourless; reflecting equal quantities of all frequencies of visible light.	By U.S. Census Bureau definition, of or relating to people hailing from Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East.	Characterised by the presence of snow.	Characterized by freedom from that which disturbs, and the like; fortunate; happy; favourable.	Containing cream, milk, or creamer.	Designated for use by Caucasians.	Grey, as from old age; having silvery hair; hoary.	Honourable, fair, decent, kind; generous.	Lacking coloration (tan) from ultraviolet light; not tanned.	Made from immature leaves and shoots.	Not containing characters; see white space.	Of or relating to Caucasians (people with white complexion and European ancestry).	Of or relating to Europeans or those of European descent, regardless if their skin has cool or warm undertones.	Pale or pallid, as from fear, illness, etc.	Pertaining to an ecclesiastical order whose adherents dress in white habits; Cistercian.	Pertaining to constitutional or anti-revolutionary political parties or movements.	Regarded with especial favour; favourite; darling.	Relatively light or pale in colour.	Said of a symbol or character outline, not solid, not filled with color. Compare black (“said of a character or symbol filled with color”).	The standard denomination of the playing pieces of a board game deemed to belong to the white set, no matter what the actual colour.
white	noun	A feather, from the wing of the cock ostrich, that is of the palest possible shade.	A person of European descent with light-colored skin.	A white bean.	A white pigment.	Any butterfly of the subfamily Pierinae in the family Pieridae.	Any object or substance that is of the color white.	Cocaine.	The albumen of bird eggs (egg white).	The central part of the butt, which was formerly painted white; the centre of a mark at which a missile is shot.	The color of snow or milk; the color of light containing equal amounts of all visible wavelengths.	The cue ball in cue games.	The enclosed part of a letter of the alphabet, especially when handwritten.	The person playing with the white set of pieces.	The sclera, white of the eye.	The snow- or ice-covered "green" in snow golf.	White coffee	White wine.
white	verb	To make white; to whiten; to bleach.
result	verb	To have as a consequence; to lead to; to bring about	To leap back; to rebound.	To proceed, spring up or rise, as a consequence, from facts, arguments, premises, combination of circumstances, consultation, thought or endeavor.	To return to the proprietor (or heirs) after a reversion.
result	noun	A flying back; resilience.	A positive or favourable outcome for someone.	That which results; the conclusion or end to which any course or condition of things leads, or which is obtained by any process or operation; consequence or effect.	The decision or determination of a council or deliberative assembly; a resolve; a decree.	The final product, beneficial or tangible effect(s) achieved by effort.	The final score in a game.
result	intj	An exclamation of joy following a favorable outcome.
box	noun	A Mediterranean food fish of the genus Boops, which is a variety of sea bream; a bogue or oxeye.	A blow with the fist.	A cell used for solitary confinement.	A coffin.	A compartment (as a drawer) of an item of furniture used for storage, such as a cupboard, a shelf, etc.	A compartment or receptacle for receiving items.	A compartment to sit inside in an auditorium, courtroom, theatre, or other building.	A computer, or the case in which it is housed.	A cuboid container and its contents; as much as fills such a container.	A cuboid space; a cuboid container, often with a hinged lid.	A cylindrical casing around the axle of a wheel, a bearing, a gland, etc.	A device used in electric fencing to detect whether a weapon has struck an opponent, which connects to a fencer's weapon by a spool and body wire. It uses lights and sound to notify a hit, with different coloured lights for on target and off target hits.	A diamond-shaped flying formation consisting of four aircraft.	A gym dedicated to the CrossFit exercise program.	A hard protector for the genitals worn inside the underpants by a batsman or close fielder.	A musical instrument, especially one made from boxwood.	A numbered receptacle at a newspaper office for anonymous replies to advertisements; see also box number.	A pattern usually performed with three balls where the movements of the balls make a boxlike shape.	A predicament or trap.	A prison cell.	A rectangle: an oblong or a square.	A rectangular object in any number of dimensions.	A small country house.	A small rectangular shelter.	A stringed instrument with a soundbox, especially a guitar.	An area in the pit where the car is repaired and refueled.	An evergreen tree of the genus Lophostemon (for example, box scrub, Brisbane box, brush box, pink box, or Queensland box, Lophostemon confertus).	Any of various evergreen shrubs or trees of genus Buxus, especially common box, European box, or boxwood (Buxus sempervirens) which is often used for making hedges and topiary.	Ellipsis of box lacrosse (“indoor form of lacrosse”).	Ellipsis of gearbox.	Ellipsis of horsebox (“container for transporting horses”).	Ellipsis of signal box.	Ellipsis of stashbox.	One of two specific regions in a promoter.	Senses relating to a three-dimensional object or space.	Senses relating to a two-dimensional object or space	Short for squeeze box (“accordion or concertina”)	Synonym of gully (“a certain fielding position”).	The driver’s seat on a horse-drawn coach.	The penalty area.	The rectangle in which the batter stands.	The television.	The vagina.	The wood from a box tree: boxwood.	Various species of Eucalyptus trees are popularly called various kinds of boxes, on the basis of the nature of their wood, bark, or appearance for example, drooping box (Eucalyptus bicolor), shiny-leaved box (Eucalyptus tereticornis), black box, or ironbark box trees.
box	verb	To enclose (images, text, etc.) in a box.	To enclose with boarding, lathing, etc., so as to conceal (for example, pipes) or to bring to a required form.	To enter the pit.	To fight against (a person) in a boxing match.	To furnish (for example, the axle of a wheel) with a box.	To make an incision or hole in (a tree) for the purpose of procuring the sap.	To mix two containers of paint of similar colour to ensure that the color is identical.	To participate in boxing; to be a boxer.	To place a value of a primitive type into a casing object.	To place inside a box; to pack in one or more boxes.	To strike with the fists; to punch.	Usually followed by in: to surround and enclose in a way that restricts movement; to corner, to hem in.
act	noun	(In the United States) A legislative proposal, a bill that has not yet become law.	A display of behaviour meant to deceive.	A display of behaviour.	A division of a theatrical performance.	A formal or official record of something done.	A performer or performers in a show.	A product of a legislative body, a statute.	A thesis maintained in public, in some English universities, by a candidate for a degree, or to show the proficiency of a student.	Actuality.	Any organized activity.	Ellipsis of act of parliament.	Something done once and for all, as distinguished from a work.	Something done, a deed.	The process of doing something.
act	verb	Of a play: to be acted out (well or badly).	To behave in a certain manner for an indefinite length of time.	To carry out work as a legal representative in relation to a particular legal matter.	To convey an appearance of being.	To do (something); to perform.	To do something that causes a change binding on the doer.	To do something.	To enact; to decree.	To feign.	To have an effect (on).	To move to action; to actuate; to animate.	To perform a theatrical role.	To play (a role).	To possess an action onto (some other structure). Examples include the group action of a group on a set, the action of a ring on a module by scalar multiplication, and the action of a group or algebra on a vector space via a representation.
act	adv	Clipping of actually.
touch	verb	Of a ship or its passengers: to land, to make a short stop (at).	Primarily non-physical senses.	Primarily physical senses.	To affect emotionally; to bring about tender or painful feelings in.	To affect in a negative way, especially only slightly.	To be brought, as a sail, so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes.	To be on the level of; to approach in excellence or quality.	To begin to consume, or otherwise use.	To bring (a sail) so close to the wind that its weather leech shakes.	To cause to be briefly in contact with something.	To come close to; to approach.	To come into (involuntary) contact with; to meet or intersect.	To come into physical contact, or to be in physical contact.	To concern, to have to do with.	To deal with in speech or writing; briefly to speak or write (on or upon something).	To deal with in speech or writing; to mention briefly, to allude to.	To disturb the mental functions of; to make somewhat insane; often followed with "in the head".	To fasten; to take effect; to make impression.	To give royal assent to by touching it with the sceptre.	To have sexual intercourse with	To imbue or endow with a specific quality.	To infect; to affect slightly.	To influence by impulse; to impel forcibly.	To keep the ship as near (the wind) as possible.	To lay hands on (someone suffering from scrofula) as a form of cure, as formerly practised by English and French monarchs.	To make intimate physical contact with a person.	To make physical contact with a thing.	To make physical contact with; to bring the hand, finger or other part of the body into contact with.	To mark (a file or document) as having been modified.	To mark or delineate with touches; to add a slight stroke to with the pencil or brush.	To obtain money from, usually by borrowing (from a friend).	To perform, as a tune; to play.	To physically affect in specific ways implied by context.	To physically disturb; to interfere with, molest, or attempt to harm through contact.	To sexually excite with the fingers; to finger or masturbate.	To strike; to manipulate; to play on.	To try; to prove, as with a touchstone.
touch	noun	A brief essay.	A disposal of the ball during a game, i.e. a kick or a handball.	A distinguishing feature or characteristic.	A little bit; a small amount.	A relationship of close communication or understanding.	A set of changes less than the total possible on seven bells, i.e. less than 5,040.	A single stroke on a drawing or a picture.	A touchstone; hence, stone of the sort used for touchstone.	Act or power of exciting emotion.	An act of borrowing or stealing something; a request for money.	An act of touching, especially with the hand or finger.	An emotion or affection.	Examination or trial by some decisive standard; test; proof; tried quality.	Form; standard of performance.	Personal reference or application.	Tallow.	The ability to perform a task well; aptitude.	The broadest part of a plank worked top and but, or of one worked anchor-stock fashion (that is, tapered from the middle to both ends); also, the angles of the stern timbers at the counters.	The children's game of tag.	The extent to which a person is interested or affected; the amount of outlay on something.	The faculty or sense of perception by physical contact.	The part of a sports field beyond the touchlines or goal-lines.	The particular or characteristic mode of action, or the resistance of the keys of an instrument to the fingers.	The style or technique with which one plays a musical instrument.	touch football (a variant of rugby league that does not involve tackling)
fish	noun	A (feminine) woman. (See also fishy.)	A bad poker player. Compare shark (a good poker player).	A bony fish (clade Osteichthyes), including tetrapods.	A card game in which the object is to obtain cards in pairs or sets of four (depending on the variation), by asking the other players for cards of a particular rank.	A cartilaginous fish (class Chondrichthyes).	A cold-blooded vertebrate animal that lives in water, moving with the help of fins and breathing with gills.	A counter, used in various games.	A drag queen or transgender woman who looks like a cisgender woman.	A jawless fish (paraphyletic infraphylum Agnatha).	A makeshift overlapping longitudinal brace, originally shaped roughly like a fish, used to temporarily repair or extend a spar or mast of a ship.	A male homosexual; a gay man.	A new (usually vulnerable) prisoner.	A paraphyletic grouping of the following taxonomic groups:	A period of time spent fishing.	A placoderm (paraphyletic class †Placodermi).	A purchase used to fish the anchor.	A spiny shark (paraphyletic class †Acanthodii)	A torpedo (self-propelled explosive device).	An aquatic or semiaquatic animal suitable for consumption during fasting on Fridays during Lent.	An easy victim for swindling.	An instance of seeking something.	Any animal (or any vertebrate) that lives exclusively in water.	Cod; codfish.	In infraphylum Gnathostomata:	Now used in combination: (e.g., starfish, cuttlefish, jellyfish, etc).	The flesh of the fish used as food.	The thirty-fourth Lenormand card.
fish	verb	Of a batsman, to attempt to hit a ball outside off stump and miss it.	To (attempt to) find or get hold of an object by searching among other objects.	To draw or guide (a wire or cable) by means of fish tape.	To hoist the flukes of.	To hunt fish or other aquatic animals in a body of water, or to collect coral or pearls from the bottom of the sea.	To repair (a spar or mast) by fastening a beam or other long object (often called a fish) over the damaged part (see Noun above).	To search (a body of water) for something other than fish.	To talk to people in an attempt to get them to say something, or seek to obtain something by artifice.	To use as bait when fishing.
hotel	noun	A large town house or mansion; a grand private residence, especially in France.	A pub.	A restaurant; any dining establishment.	An establishment that provides accommodation and other services for paying guests; normally larger than a guesthouse, and often one of a chain.	The guest accommodation and dining section of a cruise ship.	The larger red property in the game of Monopoly, in contradistinction to houses.	alternative letter-case form of Hotel from the NATO/ICAO Phonetic Alphabet.
dark	adj	Ambiguously or unclearly expressed.	Conducive to hopelessness; depressing or bleak.	Deprived of sight; blind.	Dull or deeper in hue; not bright or light.	Extinguished.	Extremely sad, depressing, or somber, typically due to, or marked by, a tragic or undesirable event.	Having an absolute or (more often) relative lack of light.	Having racing capability not widely known.	Lacking progress in science or the arts.	Marked by or conducted with secrecy.	Off the air; not transmitting.	Transmitting, reflecting, or receiving inadequate light to render timely discernment or comprehension	With emphasis placed on the unpleasant and macabre aspects of life; said of a work of fiction, a work of nonfiction presented in narrative form, or a portion of either.	Without moral or spiritual light; sinister, malevolent, malign.
dark	noun	A complete or (more often) partial absence of light.	A dark shade or dark passage in a painting, engraving, etc.	Ignorance.	Nightfall.
dark	verb	To grow or become dark, darken.	To make dark, darken; to obscure.	To remain in the dark, lurk, lie hidden or concealed.
cook	noun	A fish, the European striped wrasse, Labrus mixtus.	A person who prepares food.	A session of manufacturing certain illegal drugs, especially meth.	An unintended solution to a chess problem, considered to spoil the problem.	One who manufactures certain illegal drugs, especially meth.	The degree or quality of cookedness of food.	The head cook of a manor house.
cook	verb	To be cooked.	To be uncomfortably hot.	To cause to be cooked, i.e. to put in a hopeless situation.	To concoct or prepare.	To defeat or humiliate.	To develop insane or fringe ideas.	To execute by electric chair.	To hold on to a grenade briefly after igniting the fuse, so that it explodes almost immediately after being thrown.	To kill, destroy, or otherwise render useless or inoperative through exposure to excessive heat or radiation.	To make the noise of the cuckoo.	To play music vigorously.	To play or improvise in an inspired and rhythmically exciting way. (From 1930s jive talk.)	To prepare food for eating by heating it, often combining with other ingredients.	To proceed with some advantageous course of action; (more generally) to be successful.	To proceed with some plan or course of action, or develop some train of thought towards its conclusion (whether this is advantageous, or comical, or digging into a hole).	To smelt.	To tamper with or alter; to cook up.	To throw.
outside	noun	A passenger riding on the outside of a coach or carriage.	The external appearance of someone or something.	The furthest limit, as to number, quantity, extent, etc.	The outer part of the sea, away from the peak of a wave.	The part of a road towards the central division: towards the right if one drives on the left, or towards the left if one drives on the right.	The part of something that faces out; the outer surface.	The side of a curved road, racetrack etc. that has the longer arc length; the side of a racetrack furthest from the interior of the course or some other point of reference.	The space beyond some limit or boundary.
outside	adj	Away (far) from the batter as it crosses home plate.	Away from the interior or center of something.	Extending or going beyond the borders or scope of an organization, group, etc.	Not legally married to or related to (e.g. not born in wedlock to), and/or not residing with, a specified other person (parent, child, or partner); (of a marriage, relationship, etc) existing between two such people. (Compare out of wedlock, nonresidential.)	Of or pertaining to the outer surface, limit or boundary.	Of, pertaining to or originating from beyond the outer surface, limit or boundary.	Originating from, arranged by, or being someone outside an organization, group, etc.	Positioned towards the central division of a road: towards the right-hand side if one drives on the left, or left-hand side if one drives on the right.	Positioned towards the shoulder of a road: towards the left-hand side if one drives on the left, or right-hand side if one drives on the right.	Reaching the extreme or farthest limit, as to extent, quantity, etc; maximum.
outside	adv	Beyond the breaking waves.	Not in prison.	Outdoors.	To or in the outdoors or outside; to or in an area that is beyond the scope, limits, or borders of a given place.
outside	prep	Beyond the scope, limits, or borders of.	Except, apart from.	Near, but not in.	On the outside of, not inside (something, such as a building).
outside	verb	To ostracize or exclude.
throw	verb	(of a game where one’s role is throwing something) To perform in a specified way in (a match).	Obsolete spelling of throe.	Of animals: to give birth to (young).	Synonym of pass.	To cause a certain number on the die or dice to be shown after rolling it.	To change (one’s voice) in order to give the illusion that the voice is that of someone else, or coming from a different place.	To confuse or mislead.	To deliver (the ball) illegally by straightening the bowling arm during delivery.	To deliver.	To discard.	To eject or cause to fall off.	To hurl; to release (an object) with some force from one’s hands, an apparatus, etc. so that it moves rapidly through the air.	To imprison.	To install (a bridge).	To intentionally lose a game.	To lift or unbalance one’s opponent and then bring him back down to the ground, especially into a position behind the thrower.	To make (a pot) by shaping clay as it turns on a wheel.	To move to another position or condition; to displace.	To organize an event, especially a party.	To project or send forth.	To put on hastily; to spread carelessly.	To roll (a die or dice).	To select (a pitcher); to assign a pitcher to a given role (such as starter or reliever).	To send (an error) to an exception-handling mechanism in order to interrupt normal processing.	To send hastily or desperately.	To show sudden emotion, especially anger.	To twist or turn.	To twist two or more filaments of (silk, etc.) so as to form one thread; to twist together, as singles, in a direction contrary to the twist of the singles themselves; sometimes applied to the whole class of operations by which silk is prepared for the weaver.
throw	noun	A distance travelled in general; displacement.	A hand-operated lathe, especially a small lathe used by clockmakers.	A moment, time, occasion.	A move in which one lifts or unbalances one’s opponent and then brings him down to the ground.	A period of time; a while.	A piece of fabric used to cover a bed, sofa or other soft furnishing.	A single instance, occurrence, venture, or chance.	Any of the projections integral to a crankshaft that receive or impart cranking motion from a connecting rod or similar component.	Obsolete spelling of throe.	One’s ability to throw.	The act of throwing something.	The distance travelled by something thrown.	The flight of a thrown object.
allow	verb	To acknowledge, accept the truth of; to concede; to accede to an opinion.	To decide (a request) in favour of the party who raised it; to grant victory to a party regarding (a request).	To forgo bothering with, to let slide.	To grant (something) as a deduction or an addition; especially to abate or deduct.	To let one have as a suitable share of something.	To like; to be suited or pleased with.	To make an allowance, to take into account when making plans.	To not bar or obstruct.	To permit, to give permission to.	To praise; to approve of; hence, to sanction.	To render physically possible.	To sanction; to invest; to entrust.
evening	noun	A concluding time period; a point in time near the end of something; the beginning of the end of something.	A party or gathering held in the evening.	The time of day between afternoon and night.	The time of the day between the approximate time of midwinter dusk and midnight (compare afternoon); the period after the end of regular office working hours.
evening	verb	present participle and gerund of even	present participle and gerund of evene
least	det	The most little; the smallest amount or quantity of something.
least	adv	In the smallest or lowest degree; in a degree below all others.	Used for forming superlatives of adjectives, especially those that do not form the superlative by adding -est.
least	noun	Something of the smallest possible extent; an indivisible unit.
least	adj	superlative degree of little; smallest
least	prep_phrase	At least.
half	noun	A barrel measure of 27 gallons (half a hogshead).	A child ticket. Two and a half to Paddington.	A half sibling.	Any of the three terms at Eton College, for Michaelmas, Lent, and summer.	Clipping of half-dollar.	Half of a standard measure, chiefly:	One of the two opposite parts of the playing field of various sports, in which each starts the game.	One of two equal periods into which a game is divided.	One of two usually roughly equal parts into which anything may be divided, or considered as divided.	The fraction obtained by dividing 1 by 2.	abbreviated form for half marathon.	half a pint of beer or cider. (Refusing a pint) Just a half, thank you. (Offering to top up a pint glass) Do you want a half in that? (Minimizing the amount of drink taken) A swift half at the Pear Tree.
half	adj	Consisting of a half (½, 50%).	Consisting of some indefinite portion resembling a half; approximately a half, whether more or less; partial; imperfect.	Having one parent (rather than two) in common.	Related through one common grandparent or ancestor rather than two.
half	adv	In some part approximating a half.	In two equal parts or to an equal degree.	Partially; imperfectly.	Practically, nearly.
half	verb	To halve.
half	prep	A half-hour to (preceding) the next hour.	Half past; a half-hour (30 minutes) after the last hour.
half	intj	A call reminding performers that the performance will begin in thirty minutes.
report	verb	Of a ship, to return to a port.	To be accountable to or subordinate to (someone) in a hierarchy; to receive orders from (someone); to give official updates to (someone who is above oneself in a hierarchy).	To make a formal statement, especially of complaint, about (someone).	To notify someone of (particular intelligence, suspicions, illegality, misconduct etc.); to make notification to relevant authorities; to submit a formal report of.	To refer.	To relate details of (an event or incident); to recount, describe (something).	To repeat (something one has heard), to retell; to pass on, convey (a message, information etc.).	To return or present as the result of an examination or consideration of any matter officially referred.	To return or repeat, as sound; to echo.	To show up or appear at an appointed time; to present oneself.	To take minutes of (a speech, the doings of a public body, etc.); to write down from the lips of a speaker.	To take oneself (to someone or something) for guidance or support; to appeal.	To write news reports (for); to cover as a journalist or reporter.
report	noun	A piece of information describing, or an account of certain events given or presented to someone, with the most common adpositions being by (referring to creator of the report) and on (referring to the subject).	An employee whose position in a corporate hierarchy is below that of a particular manager.	Reputation.	The sharp, loud sound from a gun or explosion.
enter	verb	To become a party to an agreement, treaty, etc.	To become effective; to come into effect.	To begin (a regular activity or job); to undertake; to take up.	To cause to go (into), or to be received (into); to put in; to insert; to cause to be admitted.	To deposit for copyright the title or description of (a book, picture, map, etc.).	To file, or register with the land office, the required particulars concerning (a quantity of public land) in order to entitle a person to a right of preemption.	To go into or upon, as lands, and take actual possession of them.	To go or come into (a state or profession).	To go or come into an enclosed or partially enclosed space.	To initiate; to introduce favourably.	To make report of (a vessel or its cargo) at the custom house; to submit a statement of (imported goods), with the original invoices, to the proper customs officer for estimating the duties. See entry.	To place in regular form before the court, usually in writing; to put upon record in proper from and order	To record (something) in an account, ledger, etc.	To type (something) into a computer; to input.
enter	noun	Alternative spelling of Enter (“a stroke of the computer key”).	Alternative spelling of Enter (“the computer key”).
suggest	verb	To cause one to suppose (something); to bring to one's mind the idea (of something).	To explicitly mention (something) as a possibility for consideration, often to recommend it.	To imply but stop short of explicitly stating (something).	To seduce; to prompt to evil; to tempt.
foot	noun	A biological structure found in many animals that is used for locomotion and that is frequently a separate organ at the terminal part of the leg.	A short foot-like projection on the bottom of an object to support it.	A unit of measure equal to twelve inches or one third of a yard, equal to exactly 30.48 centimetres.	A unit of measure for organ pipes equal to the wavelength of two octaves above middle C, approximately 328 mm.	Ellipsis of cubic foot, a unit of volume.	Ellipsis of square foot, a unit of area.	Foot soldiers; infantry.	Fundamental principle; basis; plan.	In a bryophyte, that portion of a sporophyte which remains embedded within and attached to the parent gametophyte plant.	Recognized condition; rank; footing.	Specifically, a human foot, which is found below the ankle and is used for standing and walking.	The base of a piece of type, forming the sides of the groove.	The base or bottom of anything.	The basic measure of rhythm in a poem.	The bottom edge of a sail.	The bottommost part of a typed or printed page.	The end of a billiard or pool table behind the foot point where the balls are racked.	The end of a cigar which is lit, and usually cut before lighting.	The end of a rectangular table opposite the head.	The globular lower domain of a protein.	The muscular part of a bivalve mollusc or a gastropod by which it moves or holds its position on a surface.	The parsing of syllables into prosodic constituents, which are used to determine the placement of stress in languages along with the notions of constituent heads.	The part of a flat surface on which the feet customarily rest.	The part of a sewing machine which presses downward on the fabric, and may also serve to move it forward.	The point of intersection of one line with another that is perpendicular to it.	Travel by walking.
foot	verb	To pay (a bill).	To renew the foot of (a stocking, etc.).	To set foot on; to walk on.	To set on foot; to establish; to land.	To spread out and stack up (turf sods) to allow them to dry.	To sum up, as the numbers in a column; sometimes with up.	To tread to measure of music; to dance; to trip; to skip.	To use the foot to kick (usually a ball).	To walk.
tennis	noun	A match in this sport.	A sport played by two players (or four in doubles), who alternately strike the ball over a net using racquets.	An earlier game in which a ball is driven to and fro, or kept in motion by striking it with a racquet or with the open hand.
tennis	verb	To drive backward and forward like a tennis ball.	To play tennis.
situation	noun	A difficult or unpleasant set of circumstances; a problem.	A position of employment; a post.	An individual movie theater.	An outfit, garment, or look.	Position or status with regard to conditions and circumstances.	The combination of circumstances at a given moment; a state of affairs.	The place in which something is situated; a location.	The way in which something is positioned vis-à-vis its surroundings.
bird	noun	A chicken or turkey used as food.	A chicken; the young of a fowl; a young eaglet; a nestling.	A girl or woman, especially one considered sexually attractive.	A girlfriend.	A kilogram of cocaine.	A man, fellow.	A penis.	A prison sentence.	A satellite.	A yardbird.	An aircraft.	An animal of the clade (traditionally class) Aves in the phylum Chordata, characterized by being warm-blooded, having feathers and wings usually capable of flight, having a beaked mouth, and laying eggs.	Booing and jeering, especially as done by an audience expressing displeasure at a performer.	Jailtime; time in prison.	Snowbird (retiree who moves to a warmer climate).	The vulgar hand gesture in which the middle finger is extended.
bird	verb	To bring into prison, to roof.	To catch or shoot birds; to hunt birds.	To observe or identify wild birds in their natural environment.	To seek for game or plunder; to thieve.	To transmit via satellite.
bird	adj	Able to be passed with very little work; having the nature of a bird course.
yes	particle	Answer to a question presuming one answer when all answers are correct.	Used to indicate disagreement or dissent in reply to a negative statement.	Used to show agreement or acceptance.
yes	intj	An exclamation of pleasure or approval, usually transcribed with an exclamation point.	Response that confirms that the user is paying attention.	Used to ask for more information with a request.
yes	noun	A vote of support or in favor of something.	An affirmative expression; an answer that shows agreement or acceptance.
yes	verb	To agree with, affirm, approve.	To attempt to flatter someone by habitually agreeing	To say “yes”.
build	verb	To be converted into software by compilation, usually with minimal human intervention.	To construct (software) by compiling its source code.	To develop in magnitude or extent.	To develop or give form to (something) according to a plan or process.	To establish a basis for (something).	To form (something) by combining materials or parts.	To form by combining materials or parts.	To increase or strengthen (something) by adding gradually to.
build	noun	A configuration of a character's items or skills created by the player.	A structure, such as a building, statue, pool or forest created by the player.	Any of various versions of a software product as it is being developed for release to users.	The physique of a human or animal body, or other object; constitution or structure.	The process or period of constructing a physical object.
joke	noun	A laughably worthless thing or person; a sham.	An amusing story.	Something said or done for amusement, not in seriousness.	Something that is far easier or far less challenging than expected.	The root cause or main issue, especially an unexpected one
joke	verb	To do or say something for amusement rather than seriously.	To dupe in a friendly manner for amusement; to mess with, play with.	To make merry with; to make jokes upon; to rally.
four	num	A numerical value equal to 4; the number after three and before five; two plus two. This many dots (••••)	Describing a set or group with four elements.
four	noun	A four-pennyworth of spirits.	A person who is four years old.	A power forward.	A regatta event for four boats.	An event in which the batsmen run four times between the wickets or, more often, a batsman hits a ball which bounces on the ground before passing over a boundary, resulting in an award of 4 runs for the batting team. If the ball does not bounce before passing over the boundary, a six is awarded instead.	Anything measuring four units, as length.	Four o'clock.	Four-man sweep racing shell, with or without a coxswain.	The crew rowing in a four boat.	The digit or figure 4; an occurrence thereof.	The shell itself.
shall	verb	To owe.	Used before a verb to indicate the simple future tense in the first person singular or plural.	Used in questions with the first person singular or plural to suggest a possible future action.	Used similarly to indicate determination or obligation in the second and third persons singular or plural.
ok	adj	Alternative letter-case form of OK.
mountain	noun	A difficult task or challenge.	A woman's large breast.	An elevation of land of considerable dimensions rising more or less abruptly, forming a conspicuous figure in the landscape, usually having a small extent of surface at its summit.	Something very large in size or quantity; a huge amount; a great heap.	The twenty-first Lenormand card.	Wine from Malaga made from grapes that grow on a mountain.
safe	adj	Cautious.	Free from risk.	Great, cool, awesome, respectable; a term of approbation, often as interjection.	In a location that renders it difficult to pot.	Lenient, usually describing a teacher that is easy-going.	Not in danger; out of harm's reach.	Not susceptible to a specified source of harm.	Of a programming language, type-safe or more generally offering well-defined behavior despite programming errors.	Properly secured.	Providing protection from danger; providing shelter.	Reliable; trusty.	Supported by evidence and unlikely to be overturned. Usually used in the negative, as unsafe.	When a batter successfully reaches first base, or when a baserunner successfully advances to the next base or returns to the base he last occupied; not out.
safe	noun	A box, usually made of metal, in which valuables can be locked for safekeeping.	A condom.	A safety bicycle.	A ventilated or refrigerated chest or closet for securing provisions from noxious animals or insects.
safe	verb	To make something safe.
hurry	noun	A tremolando passage for violins, etc., accompanying an exciting situation.	Rushed action.	Urgency.	an incidence of a defensive player forcing the quarterback to act faster than the quarterback was prepared to, resulting in a failed offensive play.
hurry	verb	Often with up, to speed up the rate of doing something.	To cause to be done quickly.	To do things quickly.	To hasten; to impel to greater speed; to urge on.	To impel to precipitate or thoughtless action; to urge to confused or irregular activity.	To put: to convey coal in the mine, e.g. from the working to the tramway.
America	name	A country in North America; in full, United States of America.	A female given name.	A supercontinent consisting of North America, Central America and South America regarded as a whole; in full, the Americas.	A town in Limburg, Netherlands.
guess	verb	To hit upon or reproduce by memory.	To reach a partly (or totally) unconfirmed conclusion; to engage in conjecture; to speculate.	To solve by a correct conjecture; to conjecture rightly.	To think, conclude, or decide (without a connotation of uncertainty). Usually in first person: "I guess".	to suppose, to imagine (introducing a proposition of uncertain plausibility).
guess	noun	A prediction about the outcome of something, typically made without factual evidence or support.
figure	noun	A drawing or diagram conveying information.	A figure of speech.	A form of melody or accompaniment kept up through a strain or passage; a motif; a florid embellishment.	A horoscope; the diagram of the aspects of the astrological houses.	A human figure, which dress or corset must fit to; the shape of a human body.	A number, an amount.	A numeral.	A person or thing representing a certain consciousness.	A shape.	A visible pattern as in wood or cloth.	Any complex dance moveᵂ.	Any short succession of notes, either as melody or as a group of chords, which produce a single complete and distinct impression.	Distinguished appearance; magnificence; conspicuous representation; splendour; show.	The appearance or impression made by the conduct or career of a person.	The form of a syllogism with respect to the relative position of the middle term.	The representation of any form, as by drawing, painting, modelling, carving, embroidering, etc.; especially, a representation of the human body.
figure	verb	To be reasonable or predictable.	To calculate, to solve a mathematical problem.	To come to understand.	To embellish with design; to adorn with figures.	To embellish.	To enter into; to be a part of.	To indicate by numerals.	To prefigure; to foreshow.	To represent by a figure, as to form or mould; to make an image of, either palpable or ideal; also, to fashion into a determinate form; to shape.	To represent by a metaphor; to signify or symbolize.	To represent in a picture or drawing.	To think, to assume, to suppose, to reckon.	To write over or under the bass, as figures or other characters, in order to indicate the accompanying chords.
quickly	adv	Rapidly; with speed; fast.	Very soon.
experience	noun	A collection of events and/or activities from which an individual or group may gather knowledge, opinions, and skills.	An activity one has performed.	The effect upon the judgment or feelings produced by any event, whether witnessed or participated in; personal and direct impressions as contrasted with description or fancies; personal acquaintance; actual enjoyment or suffering.	The knowledge thus gathered.	Trial; a test or experiment.
experience	verb	To observe certain events; undergo a certain feeling or process; or perform certain actions that may alter one or contribute to one's knowledge, opinions, or skills.
apple	noun	A Native American or redskinned person who acts or thinks like a white (Caucasian) person.	A common, firm, round fruit produced by a tree of the genus Malus.	A tree of the genus Malus; especially Malus domestica which is cultivated for its edible fruit; the apple tree.	According to postbiblical Christian tradition, the fruit of the tree of knowledge which was eaten by Adam and Eve despite God commanding them not to do so; the forbidden fruit.	An assist.	Ellipsis of Adam's apple (“the lump in the throat, usually more noticeable in men than in women; the laryngeal prominence”).	Ellipsis of apple of the eye (“the pupil, or pupil and iris, of the eye, originally believed to be spherical; also, the eyeball”).	Ellipsis of apple-green (“a bright green colour with a light tint of yellow, like that of a Granny Smith apple”).	In full apple bowl: a round bowl of a tobacco pipe; also, a tobacco pipe with such a bowl.	In full old apple: a baseball.	Often with a qualifying word: any fruit or vegetable, or any other thing (such as a cone or gall) produced by a plant, especially if from a tree and similar to the fruit of Malus domestica (sense 1.1).	Something which resembles the fruit of Malus domestica (sense 1.1) in shape (such as a ball, breast, or globe) or colour.	Synonym of CBer (“a CB radio enthusiast”).	Synonym of applewood (“the wood of the apple tree”).	Synonym of pome (“a type of fruit in which the often edible flesh arises from the swollen base of the flower and not from the carpels”).	The fruit of the tree Malus domestica, chiefly with a green, red, or yellow skin, cultivated in temperate climates for cidermaking, cooking, and eating.	The round, fleshy part of a cheek between the eye and the corner of the mouth when a person is smiling.	The surface of revolution of a circular arc of an angle greater than 180° rotated about the straight line passing through the arc's two endpoints.
apple	verb	Of a flower bud or vegetable (especially a root vegetable): to grow into the shape of an apple.	To become like an apple.	To collect fir-cones.	To make (something) appear like an apple (noun sense 1.1).
hungry	adj	Affected by hunger; having the physical need for food.	Causing hunger.	Eager; having an avid desire or appetite for something.	Not rich or fertile; poor; barren; starved.
finally	adv	At bottom; ultimately; when all is considered.	At the end or conclusion; ultimately.	Definitively, comprehensively.	To finish (with); lastly (in the present).
actually	adv	Actively.	Currently; at the time.	In act or in fact; really; in truth; positively.
actually	intj	Indicating affirmation, agreement.
though	adv	Despite that; however.	Used to intensify statements or questions; indeed.
though	conj	Despite the fact that; although.	If, that, even if.
though	verb	Misspelling of thought.
date	noun	A given or assigned length of life; duration.	A point in time.	A pre-arranged meeting.	A romantic meeting or outing with a lover or potential lover, or the person so met.	A specific day in time at which a transaction or event takes place, or is appointed to take place; a given point of time.	An assigned end; a conclusion.	One's companion for social activities or occasions, especially a romantic partner.	The addition to a writing, inscription, coin, etc., which specifies the time (especially the day, month, and year) when the writing or inscription was given, executed, or made.	The anus.	The date palm.	The fruit of the date palm, Phoenix dactylifera, somewhat in the shape of an olive, containing a soft, sweet pulp and enclosing a hard kernel.
date	verb	To determine the age of something.	To have a steady relationship with each other; to be romantically involved with each other.	To have a steady relationship with; to be romantically involved with.	To have beginning; to begin; to be dated or reckoned.	To make or become old, especially in such a way as to fall out of fashion, become less appealing or attractive, etc.	To note or fix the time of (an event); to give the date of.	To note the time or place of writing or executing; to express in an instrument the time of its execution.	To take (someone) on a date, or a series of dates.
wash	verb	To be cogent, convincing; to withstand critique.	To be eroded or carried away by the action of water.	To bear without damage the operation of being washed; to be suitable for washing.	To carry away or erode by the force of water in motion.	To cause dephosphorization of (molten pig iron) by adding substances containing iron oxide, and sometimes manganese oxide.	To clean oneself with water.	To clean with water.	To cover with a thin or watery coat of colour; to tint lightly and thinly.	To cover with water or any liquid; to wet; to fall on and moisten.	To mix up tiles (before a new game) to make them random; to shuffle.	To move with a lapping or swashing sound; to lap or splash.	To overlay with a thin coat of metal.	To pass (a gas or gaseous mixture) through or over a liquid for the purpose of purifying it, especially by removing soluble constituents.	To separate valuable material (such as gold) from worthless material by the action of flowing water.
wash	noun	A fictitious kind of sale of stock or other securities between parties of one interest, or by a broker who is both buyer and seller, and who minds his own interest rather than that of his clients.	A lighting effect that fills a scene with a chosen colour.	A lighting fixture that can cast a wide beam of light to evenly fill an area with light, as opposed to a spotlight.	A liquid used for washing.	A lotion or other liquid with medicinal or hygienic properties.	A mixture of dunder, molasses, water, and scummings, used in the West Indies for distillation.	A piece of ground washed by the action of water, or sometimes covered and sometimes left dry; the shallowest part of a river, or arm of the sea; also, a bog; a marsh.	A shallow body of water.	A situation in which losses and gains or advantages and disadvantages are equivalent; a situation in which there is no net change.	A smooth and translucent painting created using a paintbrush holding a large amount of solvent and a small amount of paint.	A thin coat of paint or metal laid on anything for beauty or preservation.	Ground washed away to the sea or a river.	In arid and semi-arid regions, the normally dry bed of an intermittent or ephemeral stream; an arroyo or wadi.	In distilling, the fermented wort before the spirit is extracted.	Ten strikes, or bushels, of oysters.	The backward current or disturbed water caused by the action of oars, or of a steamer's screw or paddles, etc.	The blade of an oar.	The bow wave or wake of a moving ship, or the vortex from its screws.	The bow wave, wake, or vortex of an object moving in a fluid, in particular:	The breaking of waves on the shore; the onwards rush of shallow water towards a beach.	The process or an instance of washing or being washed by water or other liquid.	The quantity of clothes washed at a time.	The turbulence left in the air by a moving airplane.	The upper surface of a member or material when given a slope to shed water; hence, a structure or receptacle shaped so as to receive and carry off water.	Waste liquid, the refuse of food, the collection from washed dishes, etc., from a kitchen, often used as food for pigs; pigwash.	total failure, a washout
choose	verb	To decide to act in a certain way.	To elect.	To pick; to make the choice of; to select.	To prefer; to wish; to desire.
choose	conj	The binomial coefficient of the previous and following number.
choose	noun	The act of choosing; selection.	The power, right, or privilege of choosing; election.
tea	noun	A cup or (East Asia, Southern US) glass of any of these drinks, often with milk, sugar, lemon, and/or tapioca pearls.	A light midafternoon meal, typically but not necessarily including tea.	A moment, a historical unit of time from China, about the amount of time needed to quickly drink a traditional cup of tea. It is now found in Chinese-language historical fiction.	Any drink which is similar to Camellia sinensis tea in some way	Any drink which is similar to Camellia sinensis tea in some way:	Any similar drink made by infusing parts of various other plants.	Information, especially gossip.	Meat stock served as a hot drink.	Synonym of marijuana.	Synonym of supper, the main evening meal, whether or not it includes tea.	The break in play between the second and third sessions.	The dried leaves or buds of the tea plant; (countable) a variety of such leaves.	The drink made by infusing these dried leaves or buds in hot water.	The tea plant (Camellia sinensis); (countable) a variety of this plant.
tea	verb	To drink tea.	To give tea to.	To take afternoon tea (a light meal).
tea	adj	good-looking, sexy
wake	verb	(often followed by up) To make somebody stop sleeping; to rouse from sleep.	(often followed by up) To stop sleeping.	To be alert; to keep watch	To be excited or roused up; to be stirred up from a dormant, torpid, or inactive state; to be active.	To be or remain awake; not to sleep.	To put in motion or action; to arouse; to excite.	To sit up late for festive purposes; to hold a night revel.	To watch, or sit up with, at night, as a dead body.
wake	noun	A number of vultures assembled together.	A period after a person's death before or after the body is buried, cremated, etc.; in some cultures accompanied by a party or collectively sorting through the deceased's personal effects.	A yearly parish festival formerly held in commemoration of the dedication of a church. Originally, prayers were said on the evening preceding, and hymns were sung during the night, in the church; subsequently, these vigils were discontinued, and the day itself, often with succeeding days, was occupied in rural pastimes and exercises, attended by eating and drinking.	The act of waking, or state of being awake.	The area behind something or somebody rapidly-moving	The movement of water created when an animal or a person moves through water.	The path left behind a ship on the surface of the water.	The state of forbearing sleep, especially for solemn or festive purposes; a vigil.	The turbulent air left behind a flying aircraft.
six	num	A numerical value equal to 6; the number following five and preceding seven. This number of dots: (••••••).
six	noun	A bathroom or toilet.	A group or set with six elements.	A playing card featuring six pips.	A touchdown.	An event whereby a batsman hits a ball which does not bounce before passing over a boundary in the air, resulting in an award of 6 runs for the batting team.	Rear, behind (rear side of something).	Six o'clock.	Small beer sold at six shillings per barrel.	The digit or figure 6.
horse	noun	A breastband for a leadsman.	A component of certain games.	A frame with legs, used to support something.	A hoofed mammal, Equus ferus caballus, often used throughout history for riding and draft work.	A jackstay.	A large and sturdy person.	A mass of earthy matter, or rock of the same character as the wall rock, occurring in the course of a vein, as of coal or ore; hence, to take horse (said of a vein) is to divide into branches for a distance.	A player who has been staked, i.e. another player has paid for their buy-in and claims a percentage of any winnings.	A prison guard who smuggles contraband in or out for prisoners.	A rope stretching along a yard, upon which men stand when reefing or furling the sails; footrope.	A timber frame shaped like a horse, which soldiers were made to ride for punishment.	A translation or other illegitimate aid in study or examination.	A type of equipment.	A xiangqi piece that moves and captures one point orthogonally and then one point diagonally.	An informal variant of basketball in which players match shots made by their opponent(s), each miss adding a letter to the word "horse", with 5 misses spelling the whole word and eliminating a player, until only the winner is left. Also HORSE, H-O-R-S-E or H.O.R.S.E. (see H-O-R-S-E on WikipediaWikipedia).	An iron bar for a sheet traveller to slide upon.	Any current or extinct animal of the family Equidae, including zebras and asses.	Any member of the species Equus ferus, including the Przewalski's horse and the extinct Equus ferus ferus.	Cavalry soldiers (sometimes capitalized when referring to an official category).	Equipment with legs.	Heroin (drug).	Horseplay; tomfoolery.	In gymnastics, a piece of equipment with a body on two or four legs, approximately four feet high, sometimes (pommel horse) with two handles on top.	The chess piece representing a knight, depicted as a horse.	The flesh of a horse as an item of cuisine.
horse	verb	Synonym of horse around.	To charge for work before it is finished.	To cheat at schoolwork by means of a translation or other illegitimate aid.	To copulate with (a mare).	To cram (food) quickly, indiscriminately or in great volume.	To flog.	To get on horseback.	To place (someone) on the back of another person, or on a wooden horse, chair, etc., to be flogged or punished.	To play mischievous pranks on.	To provide with a horse; supply horses for.	To pull, haul, or move (something) with great effort, like a horse would.	To sit astride of; to bestride.	To take or carry on the back.	To urge at work tyrannically.
several	adj	A number of different; various.	Separable, capable of being treated separately.	Separate, distinct; particular.
several	det	Consisting of a number more than one (especially, more than two) but not very many.
several	adv	By itself; severally.
several	noun	A woman's loose outer garment, capable of being worn as a shawl, or in other forms.	An area of land in private ownership (as opposed to common land).	An enclosed or separate place; enclosure.	Each particular taken singly; an item; a detail; an individual.
building	noun	A closed structure with walls and a roof.	Synonym of Tits building.	The act or process by which something is built; construction.
building	verb	present participle and gerund of build
wine	noun	A serving of wine.	An alcoholic beverage made by fermenting grape juice, with an ABV ranging from 5.5–16%.	An alcoholic beverage made by fermenting other substances, producing a similar ABV.	The color of red wine, a deep reddish purple.	Wind.
wine	verb	To drink wine.	To entertain (someone) with wine.	To perform a Jamaican dance, such as the Dutty Wine.
sign	noun	A clearly visible object, generally flat, bearing a short message in words or pictures.	A mark or another symbol used to represent something.	A military emblem carried on a banner or standard.	A property of the body that indicates a disease and, unlike a symptom, can be detected objectively by someone other than the patient.	A semantic unit, something that conveys meaning or information (e.g. a word of written language); (linguistics, semiotics) a unit consisting of a signifier and a signified concept. (See sign (semiotics).)	A specific gesture or motion used to communicate by those with speaking or hearing difficulties; now specifically, a linguistic unit in sign language equivalent to word in spoken languages.	A visible fact that shows that something exists or may happen.	A wonder; miracle; prodigy.	An astrological sign.	An omen.	Physical evidence left by an animal.	Positive or negative polarity, as denoted by the + or - sign.	Sign language in general.
sign	verb	More generally, to write one's signature on (something) as a means of identification etc.	To bless (someone or something) with the sign of the cross; to mark with the sign of the cross.	To calculate or derive whether a quantity has a positive or negative sign.	To communicate or make known (a meaning, intention, etc.) by a sign.	To communicate using a gesture or signal.	To communicate using gestures to (someone).	To cross oneself.	To determine the sign of	To engage (a sports player, musician etc.) in a contract.	To finalise a contractual agreement to work for a given sports team, record label etc.	To furnish (a road etc.) with signs.	To indicate	To make a mark	To make the sign of the cross	To mark, to put or leave a mark on.	To seal (a document etc.) with an identifying seal or symbol.	To use sign language.	To validate or ratify (a document) by writing one's signature on it.	To write (one's name) as a signature.	To write one's signature.
drop	noun	A curtain which falls in front of a theatrical stage; also, a section of (cloth) scenery lowered on to the stage like a curtain.	A decline in degree, quality, quantity, or rate.	A dose of liquid medicine in the form of a drop (sense 1).	A dropped pass.	A fruit which has fallen off a tree, etc., or has been knocked off accidentally, rather than picked.	A liquid medicine that is intended to be administered in drops (sense 1).	A mechanism for lowering something, such as a machine for lowering heavy weights on to a ship's deck, or a device for temporarily lowering a gas jet, etc.	A near vertical decent down the face of a breaking wave.	A place (specified by an ordinal) in the batting order after the openers.	A place where items or supplies may be left for others to collect, whether openly (as with a mail drop), or secretly or illegally (as in crime or espionage); a drop-off point.	A point in a song, usually electronic music such as dubstep, house, trance, or trap, where there is a very noticeable and pleasing change in bass, tempo, and/or overall tone; a climax, a highlight.	A release (of music, a video game, etc).	A single measure of whisky.	A small amount of an alcoholic beverage.	A small quantity of liquid, just large enough to hold its own round shape through surface tension, especially one that falls from a source of liquid.	A thing which drops or hangs down.	A trapdoor (“hinged platform”) on a gallows; a gallows itself.	A very small quantity of liquid, or (by extension) of anything.	An act of moving downwards under the force of gravity; a descent, a fall.	An act or instance of dropping (in all senses).	An automobile with a drop-top roof, a convertible.	An instance of making a delivery of people, supplies, or things, especially by parachute out of an aircraft (an airdrop), but also by truck, etc.	An item made available for the player to pick up from the remains of a defeated enemy.	An ornament resembling a pendant; a gutta.	An unsolicited credit card issue.	Ellipsis of drop hammer or drop press.	Ellipsis of drop kick.	Ellipsis of drop shot.	Ellipsis of drop target.	Ellipsis of drop-back.	Licorice in confectionery form.	Of men's clothes: the difference between the chest circumference and waist circumference.	Of women's clothes: the difference between the bust circumference and hip circumference.	Often preceded by a defining word: a small, round piece of hard candy, such as a lemon drop; a lozenge.	Only used in get the drop on, have the drop on: an advantage.	Preceded by the: execution by hanging.	That which hangs or resembles a liquid globule, such as a hanging diamond earring or ornament, a glass pendant on a chandelier, etc.	The amount of money that a gambler exchanges for chips in a casino.	The cover mounted on a swivel over a keyhole that rests over the keyhole when not in use to keep out debris, but is swiveled out of the way before inserting the key.	The depth of a (square) sail (generally applied to the courses only); the vertical dimension of a sail.	The distance below a cliff or other high position through which someone or something could fall; hence, a steep slope.	The distance of the axis of a shaft below the base of a hanger.	The distance that a person drops when being executed by hanging.	The distance through which something drops, or falls below a certain level.	The vertical length of a hanging curtain.	Usually preceded by the: alcoholic spirits in general.	Usually preceded by the: relegation from one division to a lower one.
drop	verb	Especially in drop acid: to swallow (a drug, particularly LSD).	Of a fielder: to fail to dismiss (a batsman) by accidentally dropping a batted ball that had initially been caught.	Of a liquid: to fall in drops or droplets.	Of a programme, software, a music album or song, etc.: to enter public distribution.	Of a song or sound: to lower in key, pitch, tempo, or other quality.	Of a voice: to lower in timbre, often due to puberty.	Of an animal (usually a sheep): to give birth to (young); of a bird: to lay (an egg).	Of the testicles: to hang further away from the body and begin producing sperm due to puberty.	To (unexpectedly) lose (a competition, game, etc.).	To cancel or cease to participate in (a scheduled course, event, or project).	To cease concerning oneself over (someone or something); to have nothing more to do with (a discussion, subject, etc.).	To cease to include (something), as if on a list; to dismiss, to eject, to expel.	To collapse in exhaustion or injury; also, to fall dead, or to fall in death.	To come to an end (by not being kept up); to lapse, to stop.	To cook (food, especially fast food), particularly by lowering into hot oil to deep-fry, or by grilling.	To cover (something) with or as if with drops, especially of a different colour; to bedrop, to variegate.	To decrease, diminish, or lessen in condition, degree, value, etc.	To dispose or get rid of (something); to lose, to remove.	To drip (a liquid) in drops or small amounts.	To drop out of the betting.	To enter a more basic interface.	To fail to write, or (especially) to pronounce (a syllable, letter, etc.).	To fall (straight down) under the influence of gravity, like a drop of liquid.	To fall behind or to the rear of a group of people, etc., as a result of not keeping up with those at the front.	To fall into a particular condition or state.	To fall or sink quickly or suddenly to the ground.	To impart (something).	To let (a letter, etc.) fall into a postbox; hence, to send (a letter, email, or other message) in an offhand manner.	To let (something) fall; to allow (something) to fall (either by releasing hold of, or losing one's grip on).	To let drops fall; to discharge itself in drops.	To lose, spend, or otherwise part with (money).	To lower (a sound, a voice, etc.) in pitch or volume.	To make (someone or something) fall to the ground from a blow, gunshot, etc.; to bring down, to shoot down; to kill.	To make someone, or be made to do push-ups or some other form of exercise on the ground as punishment.	To mention (something) casually or incidentally, usually in conversation.	To move to a lower position; to allow to hang downwards; to lower.	To pass or use (counterfeit cheques, money, etc.).	To perform (rap music).	To play (a portion of music) in the manner of a disc jockey.	To present (the user) with a more basic interface.	To quickly lower or take down (one's trousers), especially in public.	To reduce; to make smaller.	To release (a programme, software, a music album or song, etc.) to the public.	To score (a goal) by means of a drop kick.	To set down (someone or something) from a vehicle; to stop and deliver or deposit (someone or something); to drop off.	To tune (a guitar string, etc.) to a lower note.	Usually followed by by, in, or into: of a person: to visit someone or somewhere informally or without a prior appointment.
restaurant	noun	An eating establishment in which diners are served food, usually by waiters at their tables but sometimes (as in a fast food restaurant) at a counter.
sun	name	The star that Earth revolves around, and from which it receives light and heat.
sun	noun	A revolution of the Earth around the Sun; a year.	A star, especially when seen as the centre of any single solar system.	A traditional Japanese unit of length, approximately 30.3 millimetres (1.193 inches).	A transversing of the sky by the Sun; a day.	Alternative form of sunn (“the plant”).	Something like the sun in brightness or splendor.	Sunrise or sunset.	The light and heat which are received from the sun; sunshine or sunlight.	The nineteenth trump/major arcana card of the tarot.	The thirty-first Lenormand card.
sun	verb	To be exposed to the sun.	To expose the eyes to the sun as part of the Bates method.	To expose to the heat and radiation of the sun.	To warm or dry in the sunshine.
line	noun	A circle of latitude or of longitude, as represented on a map.	A clothesline.	A connected series of public conveyances, as a roadbed or railway track; and hence, an established arrangement for forwarding merchandise, etc.; a railroad line, railway line, Elizabeth Line etc.	A group of forwards that play together.	A group of people born in a certain year (liners).	A hose or pipe, of any size.	A letter, a written form of communication.	A lie or exaggeration, especially one told to gain another's approval or prevent losing it.	A line segment; a continuous finite segment of such a figure.	A long tape or ribbon marked with units for measuring; a tape measure.	A maxwell, a unit of magnetic flux.	A measuring line or cord.	A more-or-less straight sequence of people, objects, etc., either arranged as a queue or column and often waiting to be processed or dealt with, or arranged abreast of one another in a row (and contrasted with a column), as in a military formation.	A number of shares taken by a jobber.	A particular path taken by a vehicle when driving a bend or corner in the road.	A path through two or more points (compare ‘segment’); a continuous mark, including as made by a pen; any path, curved or straight.	A population of cells derived from a single cell and containing the same genetic makeup.	A procession, either physical or conceptual, which results from the application or effect of a given rationale or other controlling principles of belief, opinion, practice, or phenomenon.	A rope, cord, string, or thread, of any thickness.	A sentence of dialogue, especially in a play, movie, or the like.	A series of notes forming a certain part (such as the bass or melody) of a greater work.	A series or succession of ancestors or descendants of a given person; a family or race; compare lineage.	A set of positions in a team which play in a similar position on the field; in a traditional team, consisting of three players and acting as one of six such sets in the team.	A set of products or services sold by a business, or by extension, the business itself.	A small amount of text. Specifically:	A small path-shaped portion or serving of a powdery illegal drug, especially cocaine.	A threadlike crease or wrinkle marking the face, hand, or body; hence, a characteristic mark.	A trench or rampart, or the non-physical demarcation of the extent of the territory occupied by specified forces.	A tsarist-era Russian unit of measure, approximately equal to one tenth of an English inch, used especially when measuring the calibre of firearms.	A vascular catheter.	A verse (in poetry).	A written or printed row of letters, words, numbers, or other text, especially a row of words extending across a page or column, or a blank in place of such text.	An edge of a graph.	An infinitely extending one-dimensional figure that has no curvature; one that has length but not breadth or thickness.	Any of an ill-defined set of units of length, varying according to the country, discipline, industry, and date of application, commonly with no indication of the intended magnitude	Any of an ill-defined set of units of length, varying according to the country, discipline, industry, and date of application, commonly with no indication of the intended magnitude:	Course of conduct, thought, occupation, or policy; method of argument; department of industry, trade, or intellectual activity.	Direction, path.	Ellipsis of agate line.	Ellipsis of line of battle.	Flax, linen.	Information about or understanding of something. (Mostly restricted to the expressions get a line on, have a line on, and give a line on.)	Instruction; doctrine.	Lineament; feature; figure (of one's body).	One fortieth of an inch.	One of the straight horizontal and parallel prolonged strokes on and between which the notes are placed.	One sixteenth of an inch.	One twelfth of an inch.	Proper relative position or adjustment (of parts, not as to design or proportion, but with reference to smooth working).	That which was measured by a line, such as a field or any piece of land set apart; hence, allotted place of abode.	The batter's box.	The equator.	The exterior limit of a figure or territory: a boundary, contour, or outline; a demarcation.	The goal line.	The horizontal path of a ball towards the batsman (see also length).	The longer fiber(s) of flax.	The official, stated position (or set of positions) of an individual or group, particularly a political or religious faction.	The position in which the fencers hold their swords.	The regular infantry of an army, as distinguished from militia, guards, volunteer corps, cavalry, artillery, etc.	The wire connecting one telegraphic station with another, a telephone or internet cable between two points: a telephone or network connection.	a set composed of a spike, a drip chamber, a clamp, a Y-injection site, a three-way stopcock and a catheter.
line	verb	To align (one or more switches) to direct a train onto a particular track.	To copulate with, to impregnate.	To cover the inner surface of (something), originally especially with linen.	To fill or supply (something), as a purse with money.	To form a line along.	To hit a line drive; to hit a line drive which is caught for an out. Compare fly and ground.	To mark with a line or lines; to cover with lines.	To measure.	To place (objects) into a line (usually used with "up"); to form into a line; to align.	To place persons or things along the side of for security or defense; to strengthen by adding; to fortify.	To read or repeat line by line.	To represent by lines; to delineate; to portray.	To track (wild bees) to their nest by following their line of flight.
German	noun	A German wine.	A Germany-produced car, a “German whip”.	A member of a Germanic tribe.	A member of the Germanic ethnic group which is the most populous ethnic group in Germany; a person of German descent.	A native or inhabitant of Germany; a person of German citizenship or nationality.	A prison warder.	A size of type between American and Saxon, 1+¹⁄₂-point type.
German	name	A number of townships in the United States, listed under German Township.	A surname.	An Indo-European (Indo-Germanic) language, primarily spoken in Germany, Austria, Liechtenstein, South Tyrol, Switzerland, Luxembourg, and a small part of Belgium.
German	adj	Of or relating to the nation of Germany.	Of or relating to the natives or inhabitants of Germany; to people of German descent; to their cultures.	Of, in or relating to the German language.
plane	adj	Of a surface: flat or level.
plane	noun	A deciduous tree of the genus Platanus.	A flat surface extending infinitely in all directions (e.g. horizontal or vertical plane); a bounded portion thereof.	A level of existence or development.	A level or flat surface.	A roughly flat, thin, often moveable structure used to create lateral force by the flow of air or water over its surface, found on aircraft, submarines, etc.	A sycamore.	A tool for smoothing wood by removing thin layers from the surface.	An airplane; an aeroplane.	An imaginary plane which divides the body into two portions.	Any of 17 designated ranges of 2¹⁶ (65,536) sequential code points each.	Any of various nymphalid butterflies, of various genera, having a slow gliding flight.	The butterfly Bindahara phocides, family Lycaenidae, of Asia and Australasia.
plane	verb	To glide or soar.	To move in a way that lifts the bow out of the water.	To smooth (wood) with a plane.
succeed	verb	Misconstruction of secede.	To ascend the throne after the removal or death of the occupant.	To come after or follow; to be subsequent or consequent; (often with to).	To come in the place of another person, thing, or event; to come next in the usual, natural, or prescribed course of things; to follow; hence, to come next in the possession of anything; (often with to).	To descend, as an estate or an heirloom, in the same family; to devolve; (often with to).	To fall heir to; to inherit.	To follow something in sequence or time.	To go down or near (with to).	To prevail in obtaining an intended objective or accomplishment; to prosper as a result or conclusion of a particular effort.	To prosper or attain success and beneficial results in general.	To replace or supplant someone in order vis-à-vis an office, position, or title.	To support; to prosper; to promote or give success to.	To turn out, fare, do (well or ill).
Tokyo	name	A prefecture, the capital city of Japan.	The Japanese government.
strange	adj	Backward; slow.	Belonging to another country; foreign.	Having the quantum mechanical property of strangeness.	Not belonging to one.	Not familiar; unaccustomed; inexperienced.	Not normal; odd, unusual, surprising, out of the ordinary, often with a negative connotation.	Of an attractor: having a fractal structure.	Outside of one's current relationship; unfamiliar.	Reserved; distant in deportment.	Unfamiliar, not yet part of one's experience.
strange	verb	To alienate; to estrange.	To be estranged or alienated.	To wonder; to be astonished at (something).
strange	noun	A strange quark.	Sex outside of one's current relationship.
completely	adv	In a complete manner; thoroughly.	To the fullest extent or degree; totally.
receive	verb	To accept into the mind; to understand.	To act as a host for guests; to give admittance to; to permit to enter, as into one's house, presence, company, etc.	To allow (a custom, tradition, etc.); to give credence or acceptance to.	To be given, sent, or paid something.	To be in a position to catch a forward pass.	To be in a position to hit back a service.	To be in a position to take possession, or hit back the ball.	To detect a signal from a transmitter.	To incur (an injury).	To take goods knowing them to be stolen.	To take, as something that is offered; to accept.
receive	noun	An operation in which data is received.
hang	verb	(used in maledictions) To damn.	To apply (wallpaper or drywall to a wall).	To attach or cause to stick (a charge or accusation, etc.).	To be executed by suspension by one's neck from a gallows, a tree, or other raised bar, attached by a rope tied into a noose.	To be or remain suspended.	To be vulnerable to capture.	To cause (a piece) to become vulnerable to capture.	To cause (a program or computer) to stop responding.	To cause (something) to be suspended, as from a hook, hanger, hinges, or the like.	To decorate (something) with hanging objects.	To exhibit (an object) by hanging.	To float, as if suspended.	To hold or bear in a suspended or inclined manner or position instead of erect.	To kill (someone) by suspension from the neck, usually as a form of execution or suicide.	To loiter; to hang around; to spend time idly.	To prevent from reaching a decision, especially by refusing to join in a verdict that must be unanimous.	To rebound unexpectedly or unusually slowly, due to backward spin on the ball or imperfections of the ground.	To remain persistently in one's thoughts.	To stop responding to manual input devices such as the keyboard and mouse.	To throw a hittable off-speed pitch.	To veer in one direction.
hang	noun	A grip, understanding.	A hangout.	A mass of hanging material.	A person that someone hangs out with.	A sharp or steep declivity or slope.	A slackening of motion.	Alternative spelling of Hang (“musical instrument”).	An instance of ceasing to respond to input.	Cheap processed ham (cured pork), often made specially for sandwiches.	The smallest amount of concern or consideration; a damn.	The way in which something hangs.
across	prep	At or near the far end of (a space).	From one side to the other within (a space being traversed).	In possession of full, up-to-date information about; abreast of.	On the opposite side of (something that lies between two points of interest).	So as to intersect or pass through or over at an angle.	Spanning.	Throughout.	To, toward, or from the far side of (something that lies between two points of interest).	across from: on the opposite side, relative to something that lies between, from (a point of interest).
across	adv	From one side to the other.	Horizontally.	In a particular direction.	On the other side.
across	noun	A word that runs horizontally in the completed puzzle grid or its associated clue.
pain	noun	An ache or bodily suffering, or an instance of this; an unpleasant sensation, resulting from a derangement of functions, disease, or injury by violence; hurt.	An annoying person or thing.	Any of various breads stuffed with a filling.	Labour; effort; great care or trouble taken in doing something.	Suffering inflicted as punishment or penalty.	The condition or fact of suffering or anguish especially mental, as opposed to pleasure; torment; distress	The pangs or sufferings of childbirth, caused by contractions of the uterus.
pain	verb	To feel pain; to hurt.	To hurt; to put to bodily uneasiness or anguish; to afflict with uneasy sensations of any degree of intensity; to torment; to torture.	To inflict suffering upon as a penalty; to punish.	To render uneasy in mind; to disquiet; to distress; to grieve.
milk	noun	A white (or whitish) liquid obtained from a vegetable source such as almonds, coconuts, oats, rice, or soy beans.	A white liquid produced by the mammary glands of female mammals to nourish their young. From certain animals, especially cows, it is also called dairy milk and is a common food for humans as a beverage or used to produce various dairy products such as butter, cheese, and yogurt.	An individual portion of milk, such as found in a creamer, for tea and coffee.	An individual serving of milk.	Semen.	The ripe, undischarged spat of an oyster.
milk	verb	To draw (milk) from the breasts or udder.	To express a liquid from a creature.	To express milk from (a mammal, especially a cow).	To give off small gas bubbles during the final part of the charging operation.	To make excessive use of (a particular point in speech or writing, a source of funds, etc.); to exploit; to take advantage of (something).	To masturbate a male to ejaculation, especially for the amusement or satisfaction of the masturbator rather than the person masturbated.	To secrete (milk) from the breasts or udder.
waste	noun	A cause of action which may be brought by the owner of a future interest in property against the current owner of that property to prevent the current owner from degrading the value or character of the property, either intentionally or through neglect.	A decaying of the body by disease; atrophy; wasting away.	A disused mine or part of one.	A large tract of uncultivated land.	A place that has been laid waste or destroyed.	A vast expanse of water.	A wasteland; an uninhabited desolate region; a wilderness or desert.	Destruction or devastation caused by war or natural disasters; see "to lay waste".	Excess of material, useless by-products, or damaged, unsaleable products; garbage; rubbish.	Excrement or urine.	Gradual loss or decay.	Large abundance of something, specifically without it being used.	Material derived by mechanical and chemical erosion from the land, carried by streams to the sea.	The action or progress of wasting; extravagant consumption or ineffectual use.	The part of the land of a manor (of whatever size) not used for cultivation or grazing, nowadays treated as common land.
waste	adj	Barren; desert; empty.	Dismal; gloomy; cheerless.	Rejected as being defective; eliminated as being worthless; produced in excess.	Superfluous; needless.	Uncultivated, uninhabited.	Unfortunate; disappointing.	Useless and contemptible.
waste	verb	To be diminished; to lose bulk, substance, strength, value etc. gradually.	To damage, impair, or injure (an estate, etc.) voluntarily, or by allowing the buildings, fences, etc., to fall into decay.	To devastate; to destroy.	To gradually lose weight, weaken, become frail.	To kill; to murder.	To squander (money or resources) uselessly; to spend (time) idly.	To wear away by degrees; to impair gradually; to deteriorate; to diminish by constant loss; to use up; to consume; to spend; to wear out.
test	noun	A Test match.	A challenge, trial.	A cupel or cupelling hearth in which precious metals are melted for trial and refinement.	A session in which a product, piece of equipment, or system is examined under everyday or extreme conditions to evaluate its durability, etc.	A witness.	An examination, given often during the academic term.	Clipping of testosterone.	Judgment; distinction; discrimination.	Testa; seed coat.	The external calciferous shell, or endoskeleton, of an echinoderm, e.g. sand dollars and sea urchins; testa.
test	verb	To administer or assign an examination, often given during the academic term, to (somebody).	To attest (a document) legally, and date it.	To be shown to be by test.	To challenge (someone) to a fight.	To challenge, to put a strain on (something).	To examine or try, as by the use of some reagent.	To make a testament, or will.	To place a product or piece of equipment under everyday and/or extreme conditions and examine it for its durability, etc.	To put to the proof; to prove the truth, genuineness, or quality of by experiment, or by some principle or standard; to try.	To refine (gold, silver, etc.) in a test or cupel; to subject to cupellation.
future	noun	A minor-league prospect.	Alternative form of futures.	An object that retrieves the value of a promise.	Goodness in what is yet to come. Something to look forward to.	Something that will happen in moments yet to come.	The likely prospects for or fate of someone or something in time to come.	The time ahead; those moments yet to be experienced.	Verb tense used to talk about events that will happen in the future; future tense.
future	adj	Having to do with or occurring in the future.
past	noun	The past tense.	The period of time that has already happened, in contrast to the present and the future.
past	adj	Following expressions of time to indicate how long ago something happened; ago.	Having already happened; in the past; finished.	Of a period of time: having just gone by; previous.	Of a tense, expressing action that has already happened or a previously-existing state.
past	adv	In a direction that passes.
past	prep	Any number of minutes after the last hour	Beyond in place or quantity	Having recovered or moved on from (a traumatic experience, etc.).	No longer capable of.	Passing by, especially without stopping or being delayed.
past	verb	simple past and past participle of pass
thanks	intj	Used to express appreciation or gratitude.
thanks	noun	An expression of appreciation or gratitude.	Grateful feelings or thoughts; favour, goodwill, graciousness.	plural of thank
thanks	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of thank
translate	verb	In Euclidean geometry: to transform (a geometric figure or space) by moving every point by the same distance in a given direction.	Of a body: to be subjected to linear motion with no rotation.	Of a holy person or saint: to be assumed into or to rise to Heaven without bodily death; also (figurative) to die and go to Heaven.	Senses relating to a change of position.	Senses relating to the change of information, etc., from one form to another.	To cause (a disease or something giving rise to a disease) to move from one body part to another, or (rare) between persons.	To change (something) from one form or medium to another.	To change spoken words or written text (of a book, document, movie, etc.) from one language to another.	To change, or be capable of being changed, from one form or medium to another.	To entrance (“place in a trance”), to cause to lose recollection or sense.	To express spoken words or written text in a different (often clearer or simpler) way in the same language; to paraphrase, to rephrase, to restate.	To generate a chain of amino acids based on the sequence of codons in an mRNA molecule.	To map (the axes in a coordinate system) to parallel axes in another coordinate system some distance away.	To move (something) from one place or position to another; to transfer.	To provide a translation of spoken words or written text in another language; to be, or be capable of being, rendered in another language.	To rearrange (a song or music) in one genre into another.	To repair (used shoes, boots or other clothing) for resale.	To subject (a body) to linear motion with no rotation.	To transfer a bishop or other cleric from one post to another.	To transfer the remains of a deceased person (such as a monarch or other important person) from one place to another; (specifically, Christianity) to transfer a holy relic from one shrine to another.
translate	noun	In Euclidean spaces: a set of points obtained by adding a given fixed vector to each point of a given set.
bag	noun	A breathalyzer, so named because it formerly had a plastic bag over the end to measure a set amount of breath.	A collection of objects, disregarding order, but (unlike a set) in which elements may be repeated.	A container made of leather, plastic, or other material, usually with a handle or handles, in which you carry personal items, or clothes or other things that you need for travelling. Includes shopping bags, schoolbags, suitcases, briefcases, handbags, backpacks, etc.	A dark circle under the eye, caused by lack of sleep, drug addiction etc.	A fellow gay man.	A large number or amount.	A pouch tied behind a man's head to hold the back-hair of a wig; a bag wig.	A sac in animal bodies, containing some fluid or other substance.	A small envelope that contains drugs, especially narcotics.	A soft container made out of cloth, paper, thin plastic, etc. and open at the top, used to hold food, commodities, and other goods.	A unit of measure of cement equal to 94 pounds.	An udder, especially the pendulous one of a dairy cow.	An ugly woman.	First, second, or third base.	In certain phrases: money.	One's preference.	The cloth-covered pillow used for first, second, and third base.	The human female breast.	The quantity of game bagged in a hunt.	The scrotum.	£1000, a grand.
bag	verb	To (cause to) swell or hang down like a full bag.	To arrest.	To become pregnant.	To catch or kill, especially when fishing or hunting.	To criticise sarcastically.	To drop away from the correct course.	To expose exterior shape or physical behaviour resembling that of a bag	To fit with a bag to collect urine.	To forget, ignore, or get rid of.	To furnish or load with a bag.	To gain possession of something, or to make first claim on something.	To hang like an empty bag.	To laugh uncontrollably.	To provide with artificial ventilation via a bag valve mask (BVM) resuscitator.	To put into a bag.	To steal.	To take a woman away with one as a romantic or sexual interest.	To take with oneself, to assume into one's score
birthday	noun	A birthday party.	The anniversary of the day on which someone is born.	The anniversary of the day on which something is created.	The date on which someone is born or something is created, more commonly called birthdate or date of birth.
birthday	verb	To celebrate one's birthday.
shop	noun	A large garage where vehicle mechanics work.	A place where things are manufactured or crafted; a workshop.	A variety of classes taught in junior or senior high school that teach vocational skills.	An act of shopping, especially routine shopping for food and other domestic supplies.	An establishment that sells goods or services to the public; originally only a physical location, but now a virtual establishment as well.	An establishment where a barber or beautician works.	Discussion of business or professional affairs.	The collective items bought (or to be bought) on a shopping trip.	Workplace; office. Used mainly in expressions such as shop talk, closed shop and shop floor.
shop	verb	To browse or purchase products from (a catalog, an internet website, etc.), mostly from home.	To dismiss from employment.	To imprison.	To investigate or evaluate as a mystery shopper.	To photoshop; to digitally edit a picture or photograph.	To report the criminal activities or whereabouts of someone to an authority.	To visit stores or shops to browse or explore merchandise, especially with the intention of buying such merchandise.
shop	intj	Used to attract the services of a shop assistant
arm	noun	A bay or inlet off a main body of water.	A branch of an organization.	A group of patients in a medical trial.	A limb, or locomotive or prehensile organ, of an invertebrate animal.	A long, narrow, more or less rigid part of an object extending from the main part or centre of the object, such as the armrest of an armchair, a crane, a pair of spectacles or a pair of compasses.	A pitcher	A weapon.	Heraldic bearings or insignia.	One of the two parts of a chromosome.	Power; might; strength; support.	The extended portion of the upper limb, from the shoulder to the elbow.	The part of a piece of clothing that covers the arm.	The portion of the upper human appendage, from the shoulder to the wrist and sometimes including the hand.	War; hostilities; deeds or exploits of war.
arm	verb	To become prepared for action; to activate.	To cover or furnish with a plate, or with whatever will add strength, force, security, or efficiency.	To fit (a magnet) with an armature.	To prepare (a tool, weapon, or system) for action; to activate.	To supply with armour or (later especially) weapons.	To supply with the equipment, knowledge, authority, or other tools needed for a particular task; to furnish with capability; to equip.	To take by the arm; to take up in one's arms.	To take up weapons; to arm oneself.
arm	adj	Poor; lacking in riches or wealth.	To be pitied; pitiful; wretched.
realize	verb	Chiefly in Baroque music: to play an accompaniment, harmonies, etc., based on (a figured bass).	Followed by on or upon: to acquire money or a profit from the sale of an asset or property.	Of an asset or property: to generate (a specific amount of money or interest) when invested or sold.	To achieve (one's) potential.	To acquire (money, a profit, etc.) by selling an asset or property, through trade, etc.; also (followed by on), to make (money or a profit) on an investment, a venture, etc.	To arrange (a musical work written for a single performer) to be performed by an orchestra; to orchestrate.	To become aware of or understand a fact or situation.	To become aware of, understand, or appreciate (a fact or situation, especially something which has been true for some time).	To cause (something) to seem real; to make realistic; specifically, to present (something) clearly to the mind, a person, (archaic) oneself, etc., so that it seems real.	To cause to seem real; to make realistic.	To complete (a musical work which is incomplete or not fully notated).	To convert (an asset or property, especially investments such as bonds, shares, etc.) into a more easily usable form such as money, especially by selling the asset or property.	To convert (something imaginary or planned, as a goal or idea) into reality; to bring into real existence, to make real.	To convert an asset or property into a more easily usable form such as money.	To have an actual or real experience of (something).	To obtain an entity from (an abstract group or structure).	To sense (something) strongly or vividly as if real.	To turn (an abstract linguistic object, especially a phoneme) into a speech sound actually used in a language.	With an adverb like badly or well: of an asset or property being sold: to generate little or a lot of money.
State	noun	A current governing polity, country, city-state, or community.	The current governing polity, country, city-state, or community under which the speaker lives.
State	name	State University, as the shortened form of a public university name.
breakfast	noun	A meal consisting of food normally eaten in the morning, which may typically include eggs, sausages, toast, bacon, etc.	A meal eaten after a period of (now often religious) fasting.	The celebratory meal served after a wedding (and occasionally after other solemnities e.g. a funeral).	The first meal of the day, usually eaten in the morning.
breakfast	verb	To eat the morning meal.	To serve breakfast to.
speech	noun	A dialect, vernacular, or (dated) a language.	A formal session of speaking, especially a long oral message given publicly by one person.	An utterance that is quoted; see direct speech, reported speech	Language used orally, rather than in writing.	Public talk, news, gossip, rumour.	The ability to speak; the faculty of uttering words or articulate sounds and vocalizations to communicate.	The act of speaking, a certain style of it.
speech	verb	To make a speech; to harangue.
decision	noun	A choice or judgement.	A result arrived at by the judges when there is no clear winner at the end of the contest.	A win or a loss awarded to a pitcher.	Firmness of conviction.	The act of deciding.
decision	verb	To defeat an opponent by a decision of the judges, rather than by a knockout
seat	noun	A location or site.	A membership in an organization, particularly a representative body.	A part or surface on which another part or surface rests.	A piece of furniture made for sitting, such as a chair, stool, or bench; any improvised place for sitting.	A place in which to sit.	A temporary residence, such as a country home or a hunting lodge.	An ejection seat.	An electoral district, especially for a national legislature.	Any of several autonomous regions in the medieval Kingdom of Hungary.	One of a series of departmental placements given to a trainee solicitor as part of their training contract.	Posture, or way of sitting, on horseback.	Something to be sat upon.	The horizontal portion of a chair or other furniture designed for sitting.	The location of a governing body.	The part of a piece of clothing (usually pants or trousers) covering the buttocks.	The part of an object or individual (usually the buttocks) directly involved in sitting.	The place occupied by anything, or where any person, thing or quality is situated or resides; a site.	The starting point of a fire.
seat	verb	To assign the seats of.	To cause to occupy a post, site, or situation; to station; to establish; to fix; to settle.	To provide with a place to sit.	To put a seat or bottom in.	To put an object into a place where it will rest; to fix; to set firm.	To recognize the standing of a person or persons by providing them with one or more seats which would allow them to participate fully in a meeting or session.	To request or direct one or more persons to sit.	To rest; to lie down.	To settle; to plant with inhabitants.
black	adj	Absorbing all light and reflecting none; dark and hueless.	Bad; evil; ill-omened.	Belonging to or descended from any of various (African, Aboriginal, etc.) ethnic groups which typically have dark pigmentation of the skin. (See usage notes below.)	Belonging to or descended from any of various sub-Saharan African ethnic groups which typically have dark pigmentation of the skin.	Clandestine; relating to a political, military, or espionage operation or site, the existence or details of which is withheld from the general public.	Dark in comparison to another species with the same base name.	Designated for use by those ethnic groups (as described above).	Expressing menace or discontent; threatening; sullen.	Foul; dirty, soiled.	Having one or more features (hair, fur, armour, clothes, bark, etc.) that is dark (or black).	Illegitimate, illegal, or disgraced.	Occult; relating to something (such as mystical or magical knowledge) which is unknown to or kept secret from the general public.	Of or pertaining to anarchism; anarchist.	Of or relating to the playing pieces of a board game deemed to belong to the "black" set (in chess, the set used by the player who moves second) (often regardless of the pieces' actual colour).	Of the spades or clubs suits.	Overcrowded.	Protestant, often with the implication of being militantly pro-British or anti-Catholic. (Compare blackmouth ("Presbyterian").)	Related to the Christian Democratic Union of Germany.	Said of a symbol or character that is solid, filled with color.	Sullen and solemn; bad-tempered and unhappy.	Without any cream, milk, or creamer.	Without light.
black	noun	A black dye or pigment.	A dark smut fungus, harmful to wheat.	A member of descendant of any of various (African, Aboriginal, etc) ethnic groups which typically have dark pigmentation of the skin.	A pen, pencil, crayon, etc., made of black pigment.	A stain; a spot.	A type of firecracker that is really more dark brown in colour.	Black cloth hung up at funerals.	Blackcurrant as syrup or crème de cassis used for cocktails.	Blackness, the condition of belonging to or being descended from one of these ethnic groups.	Ellipsis of blackcurrant.	Marijuana.	Something, or a part of a thing, which is black.	The black ball.	The colour/color perceived in the absence of light, but also when no light is reflected, but rather absorbed.	The edge of home plate.	The person playing with the black set of pieces.
black	verb	To apply blacking to (something).	To boycott, usually as part of an industrial dispute.	To make black; to blacken.
beer	noun	A fermented extract of the roots and other parts of various plants, as spruce, ginger, sassafras, etc.	A glass, bottle, or can of any of the above beverages.	A solution produced by steeping plant materials in water or another fluid.	A variety of the above beverages.	An alcoholic drink fermented from starch material, commonly barley malt; often with hops or some other substance (like gruit) to impart a bitter flavor.	One who is or exists.
beer	verb	To drink beer.	To give beer to (someone).
success	noun	Financial profitability.	One who, or that which, achieves assumed goals.	Something which happens as a consequence; the outcome or result.	The achievement of one's aim or goal.	The fact of getting or achieving wealth, respect, or fame.
Sunday	noun	A comic strip published in a Sunday newspaper.	A newspaper published on Sunday.	Describes someone who does something occasionally or casually, and therefore without skill.	Describes something particularly fine and elegant, particularly something that could be worn to or used at church.	The first day of the week in many religious traditions, and the seventh day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 standard; the Christian Sabbath; the Lord's Day; it follows Saturday and precedes Monday.
Sunday	verb	To spend Sunday (at a certain place, with a certain person or people, etc.).
Sunday	adv	On Sunday.
garden	noun	A cluster; a bunch.	A road, street, or similar thoroughfare, which sometimes occupies a former garden.	An outdoor area containing one or more types of plants, usually plants grown for food or ornamental purposes.	Pubic hair or the genitalia it masks.	Such an ornamental place to which the public have access.	Taking place in, or used in, such a garden.	The grounds at the front or back of a house.	The twentieth Lenormand card.
garden	verb	Of a batsman, to inspect and tap the pitch lightly with the bat so as to smooth out small rough patches and irregularities.	To grow plants in a garden; to create or maintain a garden.	To smoke marijuana.
garden	adj	Common, ordinary, domesticated.
feeling	adj	Emotionally sensitive.	Expressive of great sensibility; attended by, or evincing, sensibility.
feeling	noun	An opinion, an attitude.	Emotion; impression.	Emotional attraction or desire.	Emotional state or well-being.	Intuition.	Sensation, particularly through the skin.
feeling	verb	present participle and gerund of feel
pull	verb	(Followed by a preposition or adverb) To drive (a vehicle) in a particular direction or to a particular place.	In practice fighting, to reduce the strength of a blow (etymology 3) so as to avoid injuring one's practice partner.	Of a railroad car, to pull out from a yard or station; to leave.	To achieve by rowing on a rowing machine.	To apply a force to (an object) so that it comes toward the person or thing applying the force.	To attract or net; to pull in.	To copy or emulate the actions or behaviour associated with the person or thing mentioned (with a and the name of a person, place, event, etc.).	To do or perform, especially something seen as negative by the speaker.	To draw (a hostile non-player character) into combat, or toward or away from some location or target.	To draw apart; to tear; to rend.	To draw beer from a pump, keg, or other source.	To gather with the hand, or by drawing toward oneself; to pluck or pick (flowers, fruit, etc.).	To hold back, and so prevent from winning.	To impede the progress of (a horse) to prevent its winning a race.	To interest (someone) in dating or pursuing one (whether or not this has led to sex).	To obtain (a permit) from a regulatory authority.	To persuade (someone) to have sex with one.	To pull over (a driver or vehicle); to detain for a traffic stop.	To remove or withdraw (something), especially from public circulation or availability.	To repeatedly stretch taffy in order to achieve the desired stretchy texture.	To retrieve or look up for use.	To retrieve source code or other material from a source control repository.	To row.	To score a certain number of points in a sport.	To strain (a muscle, tendon, ligament, etc.).	To strike the ball in a particular manner. (See noun sense.)	To take a swig or mouthful of drink.	To take or make (a proof or impression); so called because hand presses were worked by pulling a lever.	To toss a frisbee with the intention of launching the disc across the length of a field.	To transport by rowing.
pull	intj	Command used by a target shooter to request that the target be released/launched.
pull	noun	A contest; a struggle.	A drink, especially of an alcoholic beverage; a mouthful or swig of a drink.	A high-quality or funny recommendation by the algorithm.	A journey made by rowing.	A mishit shot which travels in a straight line and (for a right-handed player) left of the intended path.	A player's use of a game's gacha mechanic to obtain a random reward.	A proof sheet.	A randomized selection from a given set.	A single impression from a handpress.	A type of stroke by which a leg ball is sent to the off side, or an off ball to the on side; a pull shot.	An act of pulling (applying force toward oneself).	An advantage over somebody; a means of influencing.	An attractive force which causes motion towards the source.	An injury resulting from a forceful pull on a limb, etc.; strain; sprain.	Any device meant to be pulled, as a lever, knob, handle, or rope.	Appeal or attraction.	Loss, misfortune, or violence suffered.	Something in one's favour in a comparison or a contest; advantage.	The act or process of sending out a request for data from a server by a client.	The power to influence someone or something; sway, clout.
law	noun	A binding regulation or custom established in a community in this way.	A hill.	A mode of operation of the flight controls of a fly-by-wire aircraft.	A person or group that act(s) with authority to uphold such rules and order (for example, one or more police officers).	A rule or principle regarding the construction of language or art.	A rule, such as:	A score; share of expense; legal charge.	A sound law; a regular change in the pronunciation of a language.	A statement (in physics, etc) of an (observed, established) order or sequence or relationship of phenomena which is invariable under certain conditions. (Compare theory.)	A statement (of relation) that is true under specified conditions; a mathematical or logical rule.	A tumulus of stones.	An allowance of distance or time (a head start) given to a weaker (human or animal) competitor in a race, to make the race more fair.	An oath sworn before a court, especially disclaiming a debt. (Chiefly in the phrases "wager of law", "wage one's law", "perform one's law", "lose one's law".)	Any rule that must or should be obeyed, concerning behaviours and their consequences. (Compare mores.)	Any statement of the relation of acts and conditions to their consequences.	Common law, as contrasted with equity.	Jurisprudence, the field of knowledge which encompasses these rules.	Litigation; legal action (as a means of maintaining or restoring order, redressing wrongs, etc).	One of the official rules of cricket as codified by the its (former) governing body, the MCC.	One of two metaphysical forces ruling the world in some fantasy settings, also called order, and opposed to chaos.	The body of binding rules and regulations, customs, and standards established in a community by its legislative and judicial authorities.	The body of such rules that pertain to a particular topic.	The control and order brought about by the observance of such rules.	The profession that deals with such rules (as lawyers, judges, police officers, etc).
law	verb	To enforce the law.	To prosecute or sue (someone), to litigate.	To rule over (with a certain effect) by law; to govern.	To subject to legal restrictions.	To work as a lawyer; to practice law.
law	intj	An exclamation of mild surprise; lawks; in interjections, a minced oath for Lord.
solve	verb	To algebraically manipulate an equation or inequality into a form that isolates a chosen variable on one side, so that the other side consists of an expression that may be used to generate solutions.	To dissolve	To find an answer or solution to a problem or question; to work out.	To find the values of variables that satisfy a system of equations and/or inequalities.	To loosen or separate the parts of.	to find out the perpetrator, the motive etc (of crime)
solve	noun	A solution; an explanation.
government	noun	Ellipsis of government name, one's legal name according to a government.	In a parliamentary system, the political party or coalition in power, as opposed to the opposition; the state of being in power.	The body with the power to make and/or enforce laws to control a country, land area, people or organization.	The management or control of a system.	The relationship between a word and its dependents.	The state and its administration viewed as the ruling political power.	The team tasked with presenting and speaking in favour of a resolution, as opposed to the opposition.	The tenure of a head of government; the ministry or administration led by a specified individual.
ship	noun	A dish or utensil (originally fashioned like the hull of a ship) used to hold incense.	A fictional romantic relationship between two characters, either real or themselves fictional, especially one explored in fan fiction.	A particular still life consisting of an empty cell surrounded by six live cells.	A sailing vessel with three or more square-rigged masts.	A spaceship.	A vessel which travels through any medium other than across land, such as an airship or spaceship.	A water-borne vessel generally larger than a boat.	An aircraft.	Clipping of relationship.	The third card of the Lenormand deck.
ship	verb	To draw (a penalty) by bungling a kick and giving the opposing team possession.	To embark on a ship.	To engage to serve on board a vessel.	To go all in.	To leave, depart, scram.	To pass (from one person to another).	To put or secure in its place.	To release (a product, not necessarily physical) to vendors or customers; to launch.	To send (a parcel or container) to a recipient (by any means of transport).	To send by water-borne transport.	To support or approve of a fictional romantic relationship between two characters, typically in fan fiction or other fandom contexts.	To take in or take on (water) over the sides of a vessel.	To trade or send (a player) to another team.
add	verb	To add someone as a friend.	To append (e.g. a statement); to say further information; to add on.	To combine elements of (something) into one quantity.	To give by way of increased possession (to someone); to bestow (on).	To intensify; to augment; to increase; to add on.	To join or unite (e.g. one thing to another, or as several particulars) so as to increase the number, augment the quantity, or enlarge the magnitude, or so as to form into one aggregate.	To perform the arithmetical operation of addition.	To sum up; to put together mentally; to add up.	To summon minions or reinforcements.
add	noun	An act or instance of adding.	An additional enemy that joins a fight after the primary target.	The addition of a song to a station's playlist.
information	noun	A service provided by telephone which provides listed telephone numbers of a subscriber.	A statement of criminal activity brought before a judge or magistrate; in the UK, used to inform a magistrate of an offence and request a warrant; in the US, an accusation brought before a judge without a grand jury indictment.	Any ordered sequence of symbols (or signals) (that could contain a message).	Any unambiguous abstract data, the smallest possible unit being the bit.	As contrasted with data, information is processed to extract relevant data.	Divine inspiration.	That which resolves uncertainty; anything that answers the question of "what a given entity is".	The act of informing against someone, passing on incriminating knowledge; accusation.	The act of informing or imparting knowledge; notification.	The creation of form; the imparting of a given quality or characteristic; forming, animation.	The systematic imparting of knowledge; education, training.	Things that are or can be known about a given topic; communicable knowledge of something.	[…] the meaning that a human assigns to data by means of the known conventions used in its representation.
New	name	A surname transferred from the nickname.	Ellipsis of New College, Oxford.
fix	verb	(Of a piercing look) to direct at someone.	To attach; to affix; to hold in place or at a particular time.	To become firm, so as to resist volatilization; to cease to flow or be fluid; to congeal; to become hard and malleable, as a metallic substance.	To become fixed; to settle or remain permanently; to cease from wandering; to rest.	To convert into a stable or available form.	To focus or determine (oneself, on a concept); to fixate.	To make (a contest, vote, or gamble) unfair; to privilege one contestant or a particular group of contestants, usually before the contest begins; to arrange immunity for defendants by tampering with the justice system via bribery or extortion.	To map (a point or subset) to itself.	To mend, to repair.	To pierce; now generally replaced by transfix.	To prepare (food or drink).	To prevent enemy pawns from advancing by directly opposing the most advanced one with one of one's own pawns so as to threaten to capture any advancing backward pawns.	To render (a photographic impression) permanent by treating with such applications as will make it insensitive to the action of light.	To shoot; to inject a drug.	To surgically render an animal, especially a pet, infertile.	To take revenge on, to best; to serve justice on an assumed miscreant.
fix	noun	A compulsive desire or thrill.	A determination of location.	A difficult situation; a quandary or dilemma; a predicament.	A non-waypoint terrain feature used to make a determination of location.	A prearrangement of the outcome of a supposedly competitive process, such as a sporting event, a game, an election, a trial, or a bid.	A repair or corrective action.	A single dose of a narcotic drug, especially when injected.	An understanding, grasp of something.	Fettlings (mixture used to line a furnace)	Something that satisfies a yearning or a craving.
invite	verb	To allure; to draw to; to tempt to come; to induce by pleasure or hope; to attract.	To ask for the presence or participation of someone or something.	To encourage.	To request formally.
invite	noun	An invitation.
serious	adj	Committed.	Important; weighty; not insignificant	Really intending what is said (or planned, etc); in earnest; not jocular or deceiving	Without humor or expression of happiness; grave in manner or disposition
serious	adv	seriously, in a serious manner (most often heard in take or mean serious)
attention	noun	A kind of prioritisation technique in neural networks that assigns soft weights between tokens from two (or more) input sequences in order to compute the required output.	A state of alertness in the standing position.	An action or remark expressing concern for or interest in someone or something, especially romantic interest.	Mental focus.
attention	intj	A call for people to be quiet/stop doing what they are presently doing and pay heed to what they are to be told or shown.	Used as a command to bring soldiers to the attention position.
choice	noun	A sufficient number to choose among.	An option; a decision; an opportunity to choose or select something.	Anything that can be chosen.	Care and judgement in selecting; discrimination, selectiveness.	Ellipsis of axiom of choice.	One selection or preference; that which is chosen or decided; the outcome of a decision.	The best or most preferable part.	The power to choose.
choice	adj	Careful in choosing; discriminating.	Especially good or preferred.
choice	intj	Cool; excellent.
ring	noun	A bird band, a round piece of metal put around a bird's leg used for identification and studies of migration.	A burner on a kitchen stove.	A chime, or set of bells harmonically tuned.	A circular group of people or objects.	A circumscribing object, (roughly) circular and hollow, looking like an annual ring, earring, finger ring etc.	A diacritical mark in the shape of a hollow circle placed above or under the letter; a kroužek.	A family of sets closed under finite union and finite intersection.	A family of sets that is closed under finite unions and set-theoretic differences.	A flexible band partly or wholly encircling the spore cases of ferns.	A formation of various pieces of material orbiting around a planet or young star.	A group of atoms linked by bonds to form a closed chain in a molecule.	A group of objects arranged in a circle.	A hierarchical level of privilege in a computer system, usually at hardware level, used to protect data and functionality (also protection ring).	A large circular prehistoric stone construction such as Stonehenge.	A long stripe of contrastive material, colour, etc, that encircles something.	A network topology where connected devices form a circular data channel. All computers on the ring can see every message, and there are no collisions, and a single point of failure will occur if any part of the ring breaks.	A piece of food in the shape of a ring.	A place where some sports or exhibitions take place; notably a circular or comparable arena, such as a boxing ring or a circus ring; hence the field of a political contest.	A planar geometrical figure included between two concentric circles.	A pleasant or correct sound.	A round piece of (precious) metal worn around the finger or through the ear, nose, etc.	A solid object in the shape of a circle.	A sound or appearance that is characteristic of something.	A telephone call.	An algebraic structure as above, but only required to be a semigroup under the multiplicative operation, that is, there need not be a multiplicative identity element.	An algebraic structure which consists of a set with two binary operations: an additive operation and a multiplicative operation, such that the set is an abelian group under the additive operation, a monoid under the multiplicative operation, and such that the multiplicative operation is distributive with respect to the additive operation.	An exclusive group of people, usually involving some unethical or illegal practices.	An instrument, formerly used for taking the sun's altitude, consisting of a brass ring suspended by a swivel, with a hole at one side through which a solar ray entering indicated the altitude on the graduated inner surface opposite.	An old English measure of corn equal to the coomb or half a quarter.	Any loud sound; the sound of numerous voices; a sound continued, repeated, or reverberated.	Either of the pair of clamps used to hold a telescopic sight to a rifle.	Ellipsis of webring.	In a jack plug, the connector between the tip and the sleeve.	The open space in front of a racecourse stand, used for betting purposes.	The rectum, anus, or anal sphincters.	The resonant sound of a bell, or a sound resembling it.	The twenty-fifth Lenormand card.
ring	verb	Of a bell, etc., to produce a resonant sound.	Of something spoken or written, to appear to be, to seem, to sound.	To attach a ring to, especially for identification.	To enclose or surround.	To make (a bell, etc.) produce a resonant sound.	To make an incision around; to girdle; to cut away a circular tract of bark from a tree in order to kill it.	To produce (a sound) by ringing.	To produce music with bells.	To produce the sound of a bell or a similar sound.	To repeat often, loudly, or earnestly.	To ride around (a group of animals, especially cattle) to keep them milling in one place; hence (intransitive), to work as a drover, to muster cattle.	To ring up (enter into a cash register or till)	To rise in the air spirally.	To steal and change the identity of (cars) in order to resell them.	To surround or fit with a ring, or as if with a ring.	To telephone (someone).	to resound, reverberate, echo.
cake	noun	A block of any various dense materials.	A multishot fireworks assembly comprising several tubes, each with a fireworks effect, lit by a single fuse.	A pair of buttocks, especially one that is exceptionally plump or full.	A rich, sweet dessert food, typically made of flour, sugar, and eggs and baked in an oven, and often covered in icing.	A small mass of baked dough, especially a thin loaf from unleavened dough.	A thin wafer-shaped mass of fried batter; a griddlecake or pancake.	Ellipsis of piece of cake: a trivially easy task or responsibility.	Money.	Used to describe the doctrine of having one's cake and eating it too.
cake	verb	Coat (something) with a crust of solid material.	Of blood or other liquid, to dry out and become hard.	To form into a cake, or mass.
husband	noun	A large cushion with arms meant to support a person in the sitting position; a husband pillow.	A man in a marriage or marital relationship, especially in relation to his spouse.	A manager of property; one who has the care of another's belongings, owndom, or interests; a steward; an economist.	A polled tree; a pollard.	A prudent or frugal manager.	A tiller of the ground; a husbandman.	The male of a pair of animals.	The master of a house; the head of a family; a householder.
husband	verb	To conserve.	To engage or act as a husband to; assume the care of or responsibility for; accept as one's own.	To manage or administer carefully and frugally; use to the best advantage; economise.	To provide with a husband.	To till; cultivate; farm; nurture.
smoke	noun	A cigarette.	A distinct column of smoke, such as indicating a burning area or fire.	A fastball.	A fleeting illusion; something insubstantial, evanescent, unreal, transitory, or without result.	A light grey color tinted with blue.	A particulate of solid or liquid particles dispersed into the air on the battlefield to degrade enemy ground or for aerial observation. Smoke has many uses--screening smoke, signaling smoke, smoke curtain, smoke haze, and smoke deception. Thus it is an artificial aerosol.	An instance of smoking a cigarette, cigar, etc.; the duration of this act.	Anything to smoke (e.g. cigarettes, marijuana, etc.)	Bother; problems; hassle.	Something used to obscure or conceal; an obscuring condition; see also smoke and mirrors.	The visible vapor/vapour, gases, and fine particles given off by burning or smoldering material.
smoke	verb	Of a fire in a fireplace: to emit smoke outward instead of up the chimney, owing to imperfect draught.	To beat someone at something.	To burn; to be kindled; to rage.	To cover (a key blank) with soot or carbon to aid in seeing the marks made by impressioning.	To dry or medicate by smoke.	To fill or scent with smoke; hence, to fill with incense; to perfume.	To give off smoke.	To inhale and exhale the smoke from a burning cigarette, cigar, pipe, etc.	To inhale and exhale tobacco smoke.	To kill, especially with a gun.	To make unclear or blurry.	To perform (e.g. music) energetically or skillfully.	To preserve or prepare (food) for consumption by treating with smoke.	To punish (a person) for a minor offense by excessive physical exercise.	To raise a dust or smoke by rapid motion.	To ridicule to the face; to mock.	To smell out; to hunt out; to find out; to detect.	To suffer severely; to be punished.	To thrash; to beat.
dance	noun	A battle of wits, especially one commonly fought between two rivals.	A genre of modern music characterised by sampled beats, repetitive rhythms and few lyrics.	A normally horizontal stripe called a fess that has been modified to zig-zag across the center of a coat of arms from dexter to sinister.	A piece of music with a particular dance rhythm.	A repetitive movement used in communication between worker honey bees.	A sequence of rhythmic steps or movements usually performed to music, for pleasure or as a form of social interaction.	A social gathering where dancing is the main activity.	Any strenuous or difficult movement, action, or task.	The art, profession, and study of dancing.
dance	verb	To cause to dance, or move nimbly or merrily about.	To kick and convulse from the effects of being hanged.	To leap or move lightly and rapidly.	To make a repetitive movement in order to communicate to other worker honey bees.	To make love or have sex.	To move with rhythmic steps or movements, especially in time to music.	To perform the steps to.
whos	noun	plural of who; often used along with whats, whys, hows, etc.
prefer	verb	To advance, promote (someone or something).	To be in the habit of choosing something rather than something else; to favor; to like better.	To present or submit (something) to an authority (now usually in "to prefer charges").	To put forward for acceptance; to introduce, recommend (to).
piece	noun	A cannabis pipe.	A castle; a fortified building.	A coin, especially one valued at less than the principal unit of currency.	A distance.	A gun.	A pacifier; a dummy.	A part of a larger whole, usually in such a form that it is able to be separated from other parts.	A sexual encounter; from piece of ass or piece of tail.	A shoddy or worthless object (usually applied to consumer products like vehicles or appliances).	A single item belonging to a class of similar items.	A slice or other quantity of bread, eaten on its own; a sandwich or light snack.	A structured practice row, often used for performance evaluation.	A toupee or wig, especially when worn by a man.	An amount of work to be done at one time; a unit of piece work.	An article published in the press.	An artillery gun.	An artistic creation, such as a painting, sculpture, musical composition, literary work, etc.	An individual; a person.	An ounce of a recreational drug.	One of the figures used in playing chess, specifically a higher-value figure as distinguished from a pawn; (by extension) those with which draughts, backgammon, and other similar board games are played.	Used to describe a pitch that has been hit but not well, usually either being caught by the opposing team or going foul. Usually used in the past tense with get.
piece	verb	To assemble (something real or figurative).	To eat small quantities of food between meals; to snack; to take small or intermittent bites at a food item.	To make, enlarge, or repair, by the addition of a piece or pieces; to patch; often with out.	To produce a work of graffiti more complex than a tag.
bank	noun	A bench or seat for judges in court.	A bench, as for rowers in a galley; also, a tier of oars.	A bench, or row of keys belonging to a keyboard, as in an organ.	A branch office of such an institution.	A contiguous block of memory that is of fixed, hardware-dependent size, but often larger than a page and partitioning the memory such that two distinct banks do not overlap.	A deposit of ore or coal, worked by excavations above water level.	A device used to store coins or currency.	A fund from deposits or contributions, to be used in transacting business; a joint stock or capital.	A kind of table used by printers.	A mass of clouds.	A row of keys on a musical keyboard or the equivalent on a typewriter keyboard.	A row or panel of items stored or grouped together.	A safe and guaranteed place of storage for and retrieval of important items or goods.	A set of multiple adjacent drop targets.	A slope of earth, sand, etc.; an embankment.	An edge of river, lake, or other watercourse.	An elevation under the sea; a shallow area of shifting sand, gravel, mud, and so forth	An incline, a hill.	An institution where one can place and borrow money and take care of financial affairs.	An underwriter or controller of a card game.	In certain games, such as dominos, a fund of pieces from which the players are allowed to draw.	Money; profit.	The face of the coal at which miners are working.	The ground at the top of a shaft.	The incline of an aircraft, especially during a turn.	The regular term of a court of law, or the full court sitting to hear arguments upon questions of law, as distinguished from a sitting at nisi prius, or a court held for jury trials. See banc	The sum of money etc. which the dealer or banker has as a fund from which to draw stakes and pay losses.
bank	verb	To arrange or order in a row.	To cause (an aircraft) to bank.	To conceal in the rectum for use in prison.	To cover the embers of a fire with ashes in order to retain heat.	To deal with a bank or financial institution, or for an institution to provide financial services to a client.	To form into a bank or heap, to bank up.	To pass by the banks of.	To provide additional power for a train ascending a bank (incline) by attaching another locomotive.	To provide banking services to.	To put into a bank.	To raise a mound or dike about; to enclose, defend, or fortify with a bank; to embank.	To roll or incline laterally in order to turn.
asleep	adj	Dead.	Having a numb or prickling sensation accompanied by a degree of unresponsiveness.	In a state of sleep; also, broadly, resting.	Inattentive.
famous	adj	In the public eye.	Well known.
famous	verb	To make famous; to bring renown to.
inside	noun	A passenger within a coach or carriage, as distinguished from one upon the outside.	The inside scoop; information known only to certain involved people.	The interior or inner part.	The interior organs of the body, especially the guts.	The left-hand side of a road if one drives on the left, or right-hand side if one drives on the right.	The side of a curved road, racetrack etc. that has the shorter arc length; the side of a racetrack nearer the interior of the course or some other point of reference.
inside	adj	At or towards or the left-hand side of the road if one drives on the left, or right-hand side if one drives on the right.	Legally married to or related to (e.g. born in wedlock to), and/or residing with, a specified other person (parent, child, or partner); (of a marriage, relationship, etc) existing between two such people.	Nearer to the interior or centre of something.	Of or pertaining to the inner surface, limit or boundary.	Originating from, arranged by, or being someone inside an organisation.	Toward the batter as it crosses home plate.
inside	adv	In or to prison.	Indoors.	Intimately, secretly; without expressing what one is feeling or thinking.	Within or towards the interior of something; within the scope or limits of something (a place), especially a building.
inside	prep	Within a period of time.	Within the interior of something, closest to the center or to a specific point of reference.
wall	noun	A barrier.	A character that has high defenses, thereby reducing the amount of damage taken from the opponent’s attacks.	A dividing or containing structure in an organ or cavity.	A doctor who tries to admit as few patients as possible.	A fictional bidder used to increase the price at an auction.	A kind of knot often used at the end of a rope; a wall knot or wale.	A line of defenders set up between an opposing free-kick taker and the goal.	A means of defence or security.	A personal notice board listing messages of interest to a particular user.	A point of defeat or extinction.	A point of desperation.	A rampart of earth, stones etc. built up for defensive purposes.	A spring of water.	A structure built for defense surrounding a city, castle etc.	A very steep slope.	An impediment to free movement.	Any of the surfaces of rock enclosing the lode.	Each of the substantial structures acting either as the exterior of or divisions within a structure.	Face-down tiles arranged in stacked rows from which players draw new tiles.	One of the vertical sides of a container.	Something with the apparent solidity, opacity, or dimensions of a building wall.	The butterfly Lasiommata megera.	The right or privilege of taking the side of the road near the wall when encountering another pedestrian; said to be taken or given.	The stage of biological aging where physical appearance and attractiveness start to deteriorate rapidly.	Two or more blockers skating together so as to impede the opposing team.
wall	verb	To boil.	To enclose with, or as if with, a wall or walls.	To make a wall knot on the end of (a rope).	To use a wallhack.	To wallbang.	To well, as water; spring.
wall	intj	Pronunciation spelling of well.
doubt	verb	To anticipate with dread or fear; to apprehend.	To be undecided about; to lack confidence in; to disbelieve, to question.	To dread, to fear.	To fill with fear; to affright.	To harbour suspicion about; suspect.
doubt	noun	A point of uncertainty, especially a yes/no or a multiple-choice question	Disbelief or uncertainty (about something); (countable) a particular instance of such disbelief or uncertainty.
ticket	noun	A certificate of qualification as a ship's master, pilot, or other crew member.	A certificate or token of a share in a lottery or other scheme for distributing money, goods, etc.	A citation for a traffic violation.	A label affixed to goods to show their price or description.	A list of candidates for an election, or a particular theme to a candidate's manifesto.	A little note or notice.	A pass entitling the holder to admission to a show, concert, sporting event, etc.	A pass entitling the holder to board a train, a bus, a plane, or other means of transportation.	A permit to operate a machine on a construction site.	A service request, used to track complaints or requests that an issue be handled.	A small document that acts as proof of something, often thereby granting the holder some ability.	A solution to a problem; something that is needed in order to do something.	A tradesman's bill or account (hence the phrase on ticket and eventually on tick).	A visiting card.	A warrant.
ticket	verb	To issue someone a ticket, as for travel or for a violation of a local or traffic law.	To mark with a ticket.
blame	noun	A source control feature that can show which user was responsible for a particular portion of the source code.	Censure.	Culpability for something negative or undesirable.	Responsibility for something meriting censure.
blame	verb	To assert or consider that someone is the cause of something negative; to place blame; to attribute responsibility (for something negative or for doing something negative).	To assert the cause of some bad event.	To bring into disrepute.	To censure (someone or something); to criticize.
blame	adj	euphemism of damn (intensifier)
thirty	num	The cardinal number occurring after twenty-nine and before thirty-one, represented in Arabic numerals as 30.
thirty	noun	A commercial lasting 30 seconds.	A rack of thirty beers.
expensive	adj	Given to expending a lot of money; profligate, lavish.	Having a high economy rate.	Having a high price or cost.	Taking a lot of system time or resources.
tear	verb	To become torn, especially accidentally.	To demolish.	To destroy or reduce abstract unity or coherence, such as social, political or emotional.	To injure as if by pulling apart.	To make (an opening) with force or energy.	To move or act with great speed, energy, or violence.	To produce tears.	To remove by tearing, or with sudden great force.	To rend (a solid material) by holding or restraining in two places and pulling apart, whether intentionally or not; to destroy or separate.	To smash or enter something with great force.
tear	noun	A drop of clear, salty liquid produced from the eyes by crying or irritation.	A hole or break caused by tearing.	A partially vitrified bit of clay in glass.	A rampage.	Something in the form of a transparent drop of fluid matter; also, a solid, transparent, tear-shaped drop, as of some balsams or resins.	That which causes or accompanies tears; a lament; a dirge.
hundred	num	A numerical value equal to 100 (10²), occurring after ninety-nine.	The pronunciation of “00” for the two digits denoting the minutes.
hundred	noun	A hundred-dollar bill, or any other note denominated 100 (e.g. a hundred euros).	A score of one hundred runs or more scored by a batsman.	An administrative subdivision of southern English counties formerly reckoned as comprising 100 hides (households or families) and notionally equal to 12,000 acres.	Similar divisions in other areas, particularly in other areas of Britain or the British Empire
lead	noun	A channel of open water in an ice field.	A heavy, pliable, inelastic metal element, having a bright, bluish color, but easily tarnished; both malleable and ductile, though with little tenacity. It is easily fusible, forms alloys with other metals, and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic number 82, symbol Pb (from Latin plumbum).	A lode.	A mark or a short passage in one voice part, as of a canon, serving as a cue for the entrance of others.	A plummet or mass of lead attached to a line, used in sounding depth at sea or (dated) to estimate velocity in knots.	A primary synth, often composed of square, sawtooth, triangle or sine waveforms.	A roof covered with lead sheets or terne plates.	A rope, leather strap, or similar device with which to lead an animal; a leash	A thin cylinder of graphite used in pencils.	A thin strip of type metal, used to separate lines of type in printing.	An important news story that appears on the front page of a newspaper or at the beginning of a news broadcast	An insulated metallic wire for electrical devices and equipment.	Bullets; ammunition.	Hypothesis that has not been pursued	In a barbershop quartet, the person who sings the melody, usually the second tenor.	In a steam engine, the width of port opening which is uncovered by the valve, for the admission or release of steam, at the instant when the piston is at end of its stroke.	Information obtained by a detective or police officer that allows him or her to discover further details about a crime or incident.	Information obtained by a news reporter about an issue or subject that allows him or her to discover more details.	Potential opportunity for a sale or transaction, a potential customer.	Precedence; advance position; also, the measure of precedence; the state of being ahead in a race; the highest score in an incomplete game.	Sheets or plates of lead used as a covering for roofs.	The act of leading or conducting; guidance; direction, course	The act or right of playing first in a game or round; the card suit, or piece, so played	The action of a tooth, such as a tooth of a wheel, in impelling another tooth or a pallet.	The actor who plays the main role; lead actor.	The advance of the current phase in an alternating circuit beyond that of the electromotive force producing it.	The angle between the line joining the brushes of a continuous-current dynamo and the diameter symmetrical between the poles.	The announcement by one voice part of a theme to be repeated by the other parts.	The axial distance a screw thread travels in one revolution. It is equal to the pitch times the number of starts.	The course of a rope from end to end.	The distance of haul, as from a cutting to an embankment.	The excess above a right angle in the angle between two consecutive cranks, as of a compound engine, on the same shaft.	The introductory paragraph or paragraphs of a newspaper, or a news or other type of article. (Sometimes spelled as lede for this usage to avoid ambiguity.)	The main role in a play or film; the lead role.	The person in charge of a project or a work shift etc.	The player who throws the first two rocks for a team.	The situation where a runner steps away from a base while waiting for the pitch to be thrown.	Vertical space in advance of a row or between rows of text. Also known as leading.	X-ray protective clothing lined with lead.
lead	verb	Lead climb.	Misspelling of led.	To aim in front of a moving target, in order that the shot may hit the target as it passes.	To be ahead of others, e.g., in a race.	To be more advanced in technology or business than others.	To begin a game, round, or trick, with	To begin, to be ahead.	To conduct or direct with authority; to have direction or charge of; to command, especially a military or business unit.	To cover, fill, or affect with lead.	To direct; to counsel; to instruct	To draw or direct by influence, whether good or bad; to prevail on; to induce; to entice; to allure	To go or to be in advance of; to precede; hence, to be foremost or chief among.	To guide or conduct in a certain course, or to a certain place or end, by making the way known; to show the way, especially by going with or going in advance of, to lead a pupil; to guide somebody somewhere or to bring somebody somewhere by means of instructions.	To guide or conduct oneself in, through, or along (a certain course); hence, to proceed in the way of; to follow the path or course of; to pass; to spend. Also, to cause (one) to proceed or follow in (a certain course).	To guide or conduct with the hand, or by means of some physical contact connection.	To guide or conduct, as by accompanying, going before, showing, influencing, directing with authority, etc.; to have precedence or preeminence; to be first or chief; — used in most of the senses of the transitive verb.	To guide or conduct.	To have the highest interim score in a game.	To live or experience (a particular way of life).	To place leads between the lines of.	To proceed in front of others; to go first.	To step off base and move towards the next base.	To tend or reach in a certain direction, or to a certain place.	Used in phrasal verbs: lead off, lead on, lead out, lead to (“be the cause of, bring about”), lead up, lead up to.
lead	adj	Foremost.	Main, principal, primary, first, chief, foremost.
floor	noun	A dance floor.	A floor-like carpeted surface for performing gymnastic movements.	A horizontal, flat ore body; the rock underlying a stratified or nearly horizontal deposit.	A lower limit or minimum on a price or rate, a price floor. Opposite of a cap or ceiling.	A storey/story of a building.	A structure formed of beams, girders, etc, with proper covering, which divides a building horizontally into storeys/stories.	An event performed on a floor-like carpeted surface; floor exercise	In a parliament, the part of the house assigned to the members, as opposed to the viewing gallery.	That part of the bottom of a vessel on each side of the keelson which is most nearly horizontal.	The area of a casino where gambling occurs.	The area of an establishment where food and drink are served to customers.	The bottom of a pit, pothole or mine.	The bottom surface of a natural structure, entity, or space (e.g. cave, forest, ocean, desert, etc.); the ground (surface of the Earth).	The ground.	The interior bottom or surface of a house or building; the supporting surface of a room.	The largest integer less than or equal to a given number.	The right to speak at a given time during a debate or other public event.	The supporting surface or platform of a structure such as a bridge.	The trading floor of a stock exchange, pit; the area in which business is conducted at a convention or exhibition.
floor	verb	To amaze or greatly surprise.	To cover or furnish with a floor.	To finish or make an end of.	To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the base of a wall, where it cannot easily be seen.	To push (a pedal) down to the floor, especially to accelerate.	To set a lower bound.	To silence by a conclusive answer or retort.	To strike down or lay level with the floor; to knock down.
prepare	verb	To make oneself ready; to get ready, make preparation.	To make ready for a specific future purpose; to set up; to assemble or equip; to forearm.	To make ready for eating or drinking; to cook.	To produce or make by combining elements; to synthesize, compound.
prepare	noun	preparation
dangerous	adj	Causing danger; ready to do harm or injury.	Full of danger.	In a condition of danger, as from illness; threatened with death.
hat	noun	A covering for the head, often in the approximate form of a cone, dome or cylinder closed at its top end, and sometimes having a brim and other decoration.	A hat switch.	A particular role or capacity that a person might fill.	A student who is also the son of a nobleman (and so allowed to wear a hat instead of a mortarboard).	Any receptacle from which names or numbers are pulled out in a lottery.	The caret symbol ^.	The háček symbol.	The lottery or draw itself.	User rights on a website, such as the right to edit pages others cannot.
hat	verb	To appoint as cardinal.	To place a hat on.	To shop for hats.	simple past of hit
Chinese	adj	As exotic, unusual, backwards, or unorganized as someone or something from China.	Having barn doors with a horizontal orientation.	Of, from, or related to China, particularly now the People's Republic of China.	Of, from, or related to a language native to Han Chinese persons, often used generally of Chinese characters or particularly to refer to Standard Mandarin.	Of, from, or related to the people of China, particularly the Han Chinese and their culture whether in China or overseas.	Used with a noun to indicate a referent different from, and seemingly more exotic or unusual than, the base noun's referent.
Chinese	name	The Han Chinese, whether in China or overseas.	The Standard Chinese language, written in Chinese characters and spoken and spelled using Standard Mandarin pronunciation.	The branch of the Sino-Tibetan language family including Mandarin, Cantonese, Shanghainese, Southern Min, and other closely related language varieties and dialects.	The citizens of China, particularly citizens of the People's Republic of China.	The logographic writing system shared by most Sinitic languages.
Chinese	noun	A person from China or of Chinese descent.	Ellipsis of Chinese cuisine.	Ellipsis of Chinese meal (“meal consisting of Chinese cuisine”).	Ellipsis of Chinese restaurant (“restaurant serving Chinese cuisine”).
heavy	adj	Armed.	Containing one or more isotopes that are heavier than the normal one.	Doing the specified activity more intensely than most other people.	Good.	Having a maximum takeoff weight exceeding 300,000 tons, as almost all widebodies do, generating high wake turbulence.	Having a relatively high takeoff weight and payload.	Having great weight.	Having much body or strength.	Having the heaves.	Heavily-armed.	High in fat or protein; difficult to digest.	High, great.	Hot and humid.	Impeding motion; cloggy; clayey.	Laden with that which is weighty; encumbered; burdened; bowed down, either with an actual burden, or with grief, pain, disappointment, etc.	Loud, distorted, or intense.	Not easy to bear; burdensome; oppressive.	Not raised or leavened.	Of a market: in which the price of shares is declining.	Of great force, power, or intensity; deep or intense.	Of petroleum, having high viscosity.	Profound.	Serious, somber.	Slow; sluggish; inactive; or lifeless, dull, inanimate, stupid.	With child; pregnant.	With eyelids difficult to keep open due to tiredness.
heavy	adv	In a heavy manner; weightily; heavily; gravely.	To a great degree; greatly.	very
heavy	noun	A doorman, bouncer or bodyguard.	A member of the heavy cavalry.	A newspaper of the quality press.	A prominent figure; a "major player".	A relatively large multi-engined aircraft.	A serious theatrical role.	A villain or bad guy; the one responsible for evil or aggressive acts.
heavy	verb	To make heavier.	To sadden.	To use power or wealth to exert influence on, e.g., governments or corporations; to pressure.
body	noun	A corpse.	A group of people having a common purpose or opinion; a mass.	A human being, regarded as marginalized or oppressed.	A person.	A three-dimensional object, such as a cube or cone.	A unified collection of details, knowledge or information.	An agglomeration of some substance, especially one that would be otherwise uncountable.	An organisation, company or other authoritative group.	Any physical object or material thing.	Coherent group.	Comparative viscosity, solidity or substance (in wine, colours etc.).	Main section.	Material entity.	Physical frame.	Substance; physical presence.	The code of a subroutine, contrasted to its signature and parameters.	The content of a letter, message, or other printed or electronic document, as distinct from signatures, salutations, headers, and so on.	The fleshly or corporeal nature of a human, as opposed to the spirit or soul.	The largest or most important part of anything, as distinct from its appendages or accessories.	The physical structure of a human or animal seen as one single organism.	The section of a dress extending from the neck to the waist, excluding the arms.	The shank of a type, or the depth of the shank (by which the size is indicated).	The torso, the main structure of a human or animal frame excluding the extremities (limbs, head, tail).	nave.
body	verb	To construct the bodywork of a car.	To embody.	To give body or shape to something.	To murder someone.	To utterly defeat someone.
either	det	Any one (of more than two).	Any one (of two).	Each of two; both.
either	pron	Both, each of two or more.	One or the other of two people or things.
either	adv	As well.
either	conj	Introduces the first of two (or occasionally more) options or possibilities, the second (or last) of which is introduced by “or”.
quit	adj	Released from obligation, penalty, etc; free, clear, or rid.
quit	verb	To abandon, renounce (a thing).	To carry through; to go through to the end.	To close (an application).	To conduct or acquit (oneself); to behave (in a specified way).	To leave (a place).	To pay (a debt, fine etc.).	To release from obligation, accusation, penalty, etc.; to absolve; to acquit.	To repay (someone) for (something).	To repay, pay back (a good deed, injury etc.).	To resign from (a job, office, position, etc.).	To set at rest; to free, as from anything harmful or oppressive; to relieve; to clear; to liberate.	To stop, give up (an activity).
quit	noun	Any of numerous species of small passerine birds native to tropical America.
cup	noun	A British unit of measure equal to ¹⁄₂ imperial pint (10 imperial ounces; 284 mL) or 300 mL.	A Canadian unit of measure equal to 8 imperial ounces (¹⁄₂₀ imperial gallon; 227.3 mL) or 250 mL.	A US unit of liquid measure equal to 8 fluid ounces (¹⁄₁₆ of a US gallon; 236.5882365 mL) or 240 mL.	A concave vessel for drinking, usually made of opaque material (as opposed to a glass) and with a handle.	A container in which dice are held and shaken before being thrown.	A contest for which a cup is awarded.	A cup-shaped object placed in the target hole.	A cupping glass or other vessel or instrument used to produce the vacuum in cupping.	A customary unit of measure	A defensive style characterized by a three player near defense cupping the thrower; or those three players.	A flexible concave membrane used to temporarily attach a handle or hook to a flat surface by means of suction.	A metric unit of measure equal to 250 mL.	A rigid concave protective covering for the male genitalia.	A suit of the minor arcana in tarot, or one of the cards from the suit.	A trophy in the shape of an oversized cup.	Any of various sweetened alcoholic drinks.	Anything shaped like a cup.	One of the two parts of a brassiere which each cover a breast.	Prefixed with a letter, used as a measurement of bra or breast size.	That which is to be received or indured; that which is allotted to one; a portion of blessings and afflictions.	The contents of said vessel.	The main knockout tournament in a country, organised alongside the league.	The symbol ∪ denoting union and similar operations.
cup	verb	To apply a cup or cupping apparatus to; to subject to the operation of cupping.	To form into the shape of a cup, particularly of the hands.	To hold something in cupped hands.	To make concave or in the form of a cup.	To pour (a liquid, drink, etc.) into a cup.	To supply with cups of wine.
college	noun	A bilingual school.	A corporate group; a group of colleagues.	A government high school, short for junior college.	A group sharing common purposes or goals.	A high school or secondary school.	A non-specialized, semi-autonomous division of a university, with its own faculty, departments, library, etc.	A postsecondary institution that offers vocational training and/or associate's degrees.	A private (non-government) primary or high school.	A residential hall associated with a university, possibly having its own tutors.	A specialized division of a university.	A university.	An academic institution.	An electoral college.	An institution for adult education at a basic or intermediate level (teaching those of any age).	An institution of further education at an intermediate level; sixth form.	An institution of higher education teaching undergraduates.
voice	noun	A flag associated with a user on a channel, determining whether or not they can send messages to the channel.	A particular style or way of writing that expresses a certain tone or feeling.	A particular way of inflecting or conjugating verbs, or a particular form of a verb, by means of which is indicated the relation of the subject of the verb to the action which the verb expresses.	An expressed opinion, choice, will, desire, or wish; the right or ability to make such expression or to have it considered	Command; precept.	In harmony, an independent vocal or instrumental part in a piece of composition.	One who speaks; a speaker.	Sound made through vibration of the vocal cords; sonant, or intonated, utterance; tone; — distinguished from mere breath sound as heard in whispering and voiceless consonants.	Sound uttered by the mouth, especially by human beings in speech or song; sound thus uttered considered as possessing some special quality or character	That which is communicated; message; meaning.	The faculty or power of utterance	The tone or sound emitted by an object
voice	verb	To act as a voice actor to portray a character.	To assign the voice flag to a user on IRC, permitting them to send messages to the channel.	To clamor; to cry out	To fit for producing the proper sounds; to regulate the tone of	To give utterance or expression to; to utter; to publish; to announce	To utter audibly, with tone and not just breath.	To vote; to elect; to appoint
glass	noun	A barometer.	A barrier made of solid, transparent material.	A magnifying glass or loupe.	A mirror.	A telescope.	A vessel from which one drinks, especially one made of glass, plastic, or similar translucent or semi-translucent material.	An amorphous solid, often transparent substance, usually made by melting silica sand with various additives (for most purposes, a mixture of soda, potash and lime is added).	An hourglass.	Any amorphous solid (one without a regular crystal lattice).	Glassware.	Lenses, considered collectively.	Synonym of window or pane, particularly in vehicles.	The backboard.	The clear, protective screen surrounding a hockey rink.	The quantity of liquid contained in such a vessel.	Transparent or translucent.
glass	verb	Clipping of fibreglass (“to fit, cover, fill, or build, with fibreglass-reinforced resin composite (fiberglass)”).	To become glassy.	To bombard an area with such intensity (by means of a nuclear bomb, fusion bomb, etc) as to melt the landscape into glass.	To enclose in glass.	To fit with glass; to glaze.	To make glassy.	To reflect; to mirror.	To smooth or polish (leather, etc.), by rubbing it with a glass burnisher.	To strike (someone), particularly in the face, with a drinking glass with the intent of causing injury.	To view through an optical instrument such as binoculars.
certain	adj	Determined; resolved.	Fixed; regular; determinate.	Named but not previously mentioned.	Not to be doubted or denied; established as a fact.	Particular and definite, but unspecified or unnamed; used to introduce someone or something without going into further detail.	Sure in one's mind, positive; absolutely confident in the truth of something.	Sure to happen, inevitable; assured.	Unfailing; infallible.	Used before the name of someone famous that people are expected to know.	Used to denote that the speaker is referring to a specific person or thing that they do not want to name directly, implying that the listener should infer the identity of the referent.
certain	det	Having been determined but not specified.
certain	pron	Unnamed or undescribed members (of).
exam	noun	Clipping of examination, especially when meaning “test” or in compound terms.
exam	verb	Shortened form of examine
leg	noun	A branch circuit; one phase of a polyphase system.	A branch or lateral circuit connecting an instrument with the main line.	A column, as a unit of length of text as laid out.	A disreputable sporting character; a blackleg.	A distance that a sailing vessel does without changing the sails from one side to the other.	A gesture of submission; a bow or curtsey. Chiefly in phrase make a leg.	A limb or appendage that an animal uses for support or locomotion on land.	A part of garment, such as a pair of trousers/pants, that covers a leg.	A rod-like protrusion from an inanimate object, such as a piece of furniture, supporting it from underneath.	A single game or match played in a tournament or other sporting contest.	A stage of a journey, race etc.	Alternative spelling of leg..	An army soldier assigned to a paratrooper unit who has not yet been qualified as a paratrooper.	An extension of a steam boiler downward, in the form of a narrow space between vertical plates, sometimes nearly surrounding the furnace and ash pit, and serving to support the boiler; called also water leg.	An individual bet in a parlay (a series of bets where the stake and winnings are cumulatively carried forward).	An underlying instrument of a derivatives strategy.	Denotes the half of the field on the same side as the batsman's legs; the left side for a right-handed batsman.	In a grain elevator, the case containing the lower part of the belt which carries the buckets.	In humans, the lower limb extending from the groin to the ankle.	One of the branches of a hyperbola or other curve which extend outward indefinitely.	One of the two equal sides of an isosceles triangle.	One of the two sides of a right triangle that is not the hypotenuse.	One side of a multiple-sided (often triangular) course in a sailing race.	Something that supports.	Synonym of leg up (“forming a step for a person's feet with one's hands”).	The ability of something to persist or succeed over a long period of time.	The portion of the lower limb of a human that extends from the knee to the ankle.
leg	verb	To apply force using the leg (as in 'to leg a horse').	To build legs onto a platform or stage for support.	To put a series of three or more options strikes into the stock market.	To remove the legs from an animal carcass.
leg	adj	Alternative spelling of leg..
quiet	adj	Having little motion or activity; calm.	Not busy, of low quantity.	Not showy; undemonstrative.	Not talking much or not talking loudly; reserved.	Requiring little or no interaction.	With little or no sound; free of disturbing noise.
quiet	verb	To become quiet or calm.	To cause (someone or something) to become quiet.
quiet	noun	The absence of disturbance or trouble; peace, security.	The absence of movement; stillness, tranquility.	The absence of sound; quietness.
quiet	intj	Be quiet.
somebody	pron	Some unspecified person.
somebody	noun	A recognised or important person, a celebrity.	Any person.
join	verb	To accept, or engage in, as a contest.	To become a member of.	To come into the company of.	To come together; to meet.	To connect or combine into one; to put together.	To enjoin upon; to command.	To enter into association or alliance, to unite in a common purpose.	To produce an intersection of data in two or more database tables.	To unite in marriage.
join	noun	An act of joining or the state of being joined; a junction or joining.	An intersection of data in two or more database tables.	An intersection of piping or wiring; an interconnect.	The act of joining something, such as a network.	The lowest upper bound, an operation between pairs of elements in a lattice, denoted by the symbol ∨.
fear	noun	A feeling of dread and anxiety when waking after drinking a lot of alcohol, wondering what one did while drunk.	A phobia, a sense of fear induced by something or someone.	A strong, unpleasant emotion or feeling caused by actual or perceived danger or threat.	Terrified veneration or reverence, particularly towards God, gods, or sovereigns.
fear	verb	To be afraid of (something or someone); to consider or expect (something or someone) with alarm.	To be anxious or solicitous for.	To cause fear to; to frighten.	To feel fear.	To regret.	To suspect; to doubt.	To venerate; to feel awe towards.	To worry about, to feel concern for, to be afraid for [with for].
fear	adj	Able; capable; stout; strong; sound.
cover	noun	A backup incase any player sustains injury during nets or midseries. Originally have to be declared part of squad before match.	A cloth or similar material, often fitted, placed over an item such as a car or sofa or food to protect it from dust, rain, insects, etc. when not being used.	A collection (or family) of subsets of a given set, whose union contains every element of said original set.	A cover charge.	A fielding position on the off side, between point and mid off, about 30° forward of square; a fielder in this position.	A lid.	A new performance or rerecording of a previously recorded song; a cover version; a cover song.	A persona maintained by a spy or undercover operative; cover story.	A setting at a restaurant table or formal dinner.	A solid object, including terrain, that provides protection from enemy fire.	A swindler's confederate.	A tarpaulin or other device used to cover the wicket during rain, to prevent it getting wet.	An envelope complete with stamps and postmarks etc.	An insurance contract; coverage by an insurance contract.	Area or situation which screens a person or thing from view.	In a steam engine, the lap of a slide valve.	In commercial law, a buyer’s purchase on the open market of goods similar or identical to the goods contracted for after a seller has breached a contract of sale by failure to deliver the goods contracted for.	The area of the stumps that is blocked by the batsman so as to defend the wicket.	The distance between reinforcing steel and the exterior of concrete.	The front and back of a book, magazine, CD package, etc.	The portion of a slate, tile, or shingle that is hidden by the overlap of the course above.	The top sheet of a bed.
cover	adj	Of or pertaining to the front cover of a book or magazine.	Of, pertaining to, or consisting of cover versions.
cover	verb	To act as a replacement.	To air or run locally originated material in place of network material during an internal spot break in a syndicated program.	To arrange plates, etc. on (a table) in preparation for a meal.	To be enough money for.	To be over or upon, as to conceal or protect.	To be upon all of, so as to completely conceal.	To copulate with (said of certain male animals such as dogs and horses).	To deal with or include someone or something.	To defend (mark) a particular player or area.	To discuss thoroughly; to provide coverage of.	To extend over a given period of time or range, to occupy, to stretch over a given area.	To have as an assignment or responsibility.	To have under one’s scope or purview.	To invest (oneself with something); to bring upon (oneself).	To make a cover version of (a song that was originally recorded by another artist).	To place something over or upon, as to conceal or protect.	To protect from attack in general, to guard.	To protect or control (a piece or square).	To protect using an aimed firearm and the threat of firing; or to protect using continuous, heaving fire at or in the direction of the enemy so as to force the enemy to remain in cover; or to threaten using an aimed firearm.	To protect, to guard.	To provide an alibi for (someone); to provide excuses or apologia for (someone); to carry water for someone.	To provide insurance coverage for.	To put on one's hat.	To set upon all of, so as to completely conceal.	To supply with funds; to settle or pay the costs for; to foot the bill for.	To traverse or put behind a certain distance.
public	adj	Able to be known or seen by everyone; happening without concealment; open to general view.	Chiefly in make public: of a work: printed or otherwise published.	In some older universities in the United Kingdom: open or pertaining to the whole university, as opposed to a constituent college or an individual staff member or student.	Now chiefly in public spirit and public-spirited: seeking to further the best interests or well-being of the community or nation.	Now only in public figure: famous, prominent, well-known.	Of a company: having shares of stock traded publicly, for example, through a stock market.	Of an object: accessible to the program in general, not only to a class or subclass.	Of or pertaining to the human race as a whole; common, universal.	Officially representing the community; carried out or funded by the government or state on behalf of the community, rather than by a private organization.	Open to all members of a community, as opposed to only a segment of it; especially, provided by national or local authorities and supported by money from taxes.	Pertaining to a person in the capacity in which they deal with other people on a formal or official basis, as opposed to a personal or private capacity; official, professional.	Pertaining to nations collectively, or to nations regarded as civilized; international, supernational.	Pertaining to the people as a whole, as opposed to a group of people; concerning the whole community or country.
public	noun	A group of people sharing some common cultural, political, or social interest, but not necessarily having any interactions with each other.	An internet publication.	At Harvard University: a penalty imposed on a student involving a grade reduction which is communicated to the student's parents or guardian.	Chiefly in in public: the presence of spectators or people generally; the open.	Chiefly preceded by the: a collective body of a politically organized nation or state; a body politic, a nation, a state; also, the interest or well-being of such a collective body; the common good.	Chiefly preceded by the: members of the community or the people in general, regardless of membership of any particular group.	Ellipsis of public house or (dated) public bar (“an inn, a pub: the more basic bar in a public house, as contrasted with the lounge bar or saloon bar which has more comfortable seats, personalized service, etc.”).	Often preceded by the and a qualifying word: a particular demographic or group of people, or segment of the population, sharing some common characteristic.	Preceded by a possessive determiner such as my, your, or their: a group of people who support a particular person, especially a performer, a writer, etc.; an audience, a following.
public	verb	To make (something) openly or widely known; to publicize, to publish.
couple	noun	A couple-close.	A small number.	A turning effect created by forces that produce a non-zero external torque.	One of the pairs of plates of two metals which compose a voltaic battery, called a voltaic couple or galvanic couple.	That which joins or links two things together; a bond or tie; a coupler.	Two of the same kind connected or considered together.	Two partners in a romantic or sexual relationship.
couple	adj	Two or (a) small number of.
couple	det	Two or a few, a small number of.
couple	verb	To cause (two animals) to copulate, to bring (two animals) together for mating.	To enter (multiple horses with the same owner) into a race so that a single bet can be placed on any of them winning.	To join (two things) together, or (one thing) to (another).	To join in sexual intercourse; to copulate.	To join in wedlock; to marry.
step	noun	A bearing in which the lower extremity of a spindle or a vertical shaft revolves.	A change of position effected by a motion of translation.	A constant difference between consecutive values in a series.	A distinct part of a process; stage; phase.	A framing in wood or iron which is intended to receive an upright shaft; specifically, a block of wood, or a solid platform upon the keelson, supporting the heel of the mast.	A gait; manner of walking.	A portable framework of stairs, much used indoors in reaching to a high position.	A print of the foot; a footstep; a footprint; track.	A rest, or one of a set of rests, for the foot in ascending or descending, as a stair, or a rung of a ladder.	A running board where passengers step to get on and off the bus.	A small space or distance.	A stepchild.	A stepsibling.	A walk; passage.	An advance or movement made from one foot to the other; a pace.	Kick scooter.	One of a series of offsets, or parts, resembling the steps of stairs, as one of the series of parts of a cone pulley on which the belt runs.	Proceeding; measure; action; act.	Stepping (style of dance)	The button joining a glass's stem to its foot.	The interval between two contiguous degrees of the scale.	The part of a spade, digging stick or similar tool that a digger's foot rests against and presses on when digging; an ear, a foot-rest.	The space passed over by one movement of the foot in walking or running.
step	verb	To advance a process gradually, one step at a time.	To be confrontational.	To dance.	To depart.	To fix the foot of (a mast) in its step; to erect.	To move mentally; to go in imagination.	To move the foot in walking; to advance or recede by raising and moving one of the feet to another resting place, or by moving both feet in succession.	To set, as the foot.	To walk slowly, gravely, or resolutely.	To walk; to go on foot; especially, to walk a little distance.
worth	adj	Deserving of.	Having a value of; proper to be exchanged for.	Making a fair equivalent of, repaying or compensating.	Valuable, worthwhile.
worth	noun	An amount that could be achieved or produced in a specified time.	High social standing, noble rank.	Merit, excellence.	Value.
worth	verb	To be, become, betide.
fault	noun	A characteristic, positive or negative or both, which increases one's risk of danger or difficulty.	A defect, imperfection, or weakness; more severe than a flaw.	A failing of character; less severe than a vice.	A fracture in a rock formation causing a discontinuity.	A loss of the scent being tracked by a hound.	A minor offense.	A mistake or error.	A penalty point assessed in horseback events such as show jumping.	A point at which something is divided, interrupted, or disconnected.	A point of weakness in something's physical structure.	A strongly undesirable variation of food or drink caused by impurity or contamination.	An abnormal connection within an electric circuit.	An exception within a software program or process.	An illegal serve.	An intrusion of another material, such as dirt or slate, within a coal seam.	Culpability; the responsibility for a blameworthy event.	want; lack; absence
fault	verb	To commit a mistake or error.	To criticize, blame or find fault with something or someone.	To fracture.	To undergo a page fault.
appear	verb	To become visible to the apprehension of the mind; to be known as a subject of observation or comprehension, or as a thing proved; to be obvious or manifest.	To bring into view.	To come before the public.	To come or be in sight; to be in view; to become visible.	To seem; to have a certain semblance; to look.	To stand in presence of some authority, tribunal, or superior person, to answer a charge, plead a cause, etc.; to present oneself as a party or advocate before a court, or as a person to be tried.
medicine	noun	A philter or love potion.	A physician.	A substance which specifically promotes healing when ingested or consumed in some way; a pharmaceutical drug.	Among the Native Americans, any object supposed to give control over natural or magical forces, to act as a protective charm, or to cause healing.	Any treatment or cure.	Black magic, superstition.	Recreational drugs, especially alcoholic drinks.	Ritual magic used, as by a medicine man, to promote a desired outcome in healing, hunting, or warfare; traditional medicine.	The profession and practice of nonsurgical physicians as sometimes distinguished from that of surgeons.	The profession and practice of physicians, including surgeons.	The study of the cause, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment of disease or illness.
medicine	verb	To treat with medicine.
smoking	verb	present participle and gerund of smoke
smoking	adj	Giving off smoke.	Sexually attractive, usually referring to a woman.	Showing great skill or talent.
smoking	noun	A bantering; teasing; mockery.	The act of exposing (something) to smoke; (by extension) the process by which foods are cured or flavored by smoke.	The act or process of emitting smoke.	The burning and inhalation of other substances, e.g. marijuana.	The burning and inhalation of tobacco.
burn	noun	A disease in vegetables; brand.	A kind of watercourse: a brook or creek. See Etymology 2.	A large stream.	A physical injury caused by heat, cold, electricity, radiation or caustic chemicals.	A sensation resembling such an injury.	An effective insult, often in the expression sick burn (excellent or badass insult).	An intense non-physical sting, as left by shame or an effective insult.	Physical sensation in the muscles following strenuous exercise, caused by build-up of lactic acid.	The act of burning something with fire.	The firing of a spacecraft's rockets in order to change its course.	The operation or result of burning or baking, as in brickmaking.	The writing of data to a permanent storage medium like a compact disc or a ROM chip.	Tobacco.
burn	verb	In certain games, to approach near to a concealed object which is sought.	In pontoon, to swap a pair of cards for another pair, or to deal a dead card.	To accidentally touch a moving stone.	To be consumed by fire, or in flames.	To be converted to another element in a nuclear fusion reaction, especially in a star.	To be hot, e.g. due to embarrassment.	To become overheated to the point of being unusable.	To betray.	To blackmail.	To cause to be consumed by fire.	To cause to combine with oxygen or other active agent, with evolution of heat; to consume; to oxidize.	To cauterize.	To combine energetically, with evolution of heat.	To compromise (an agent's cover story).	To consume, damage, or change the condition of, as if by action of fire or heat; to affect as fire or heat does.	To desire or ache for (something); to focus on attaining (something).	To discard.	To increase the exposure for certain areas of a print in order to make them lighter.	To injure (a person or animal) with heat or chemicals that produce similar damage.	To insult or defeat.	To make or produce by the application of fire or burning heat.	To overheat so as to make unusable.	To render subtitles into a video's content while transcoding it, making the subtitles part of the image (hardsubs).	To shoot someone with a firearm.	To sunburn.	To waste (time); to waste money or other resources.	To write data to a permanent storage medium like a compact disc or a ROM chip.
whatever	det	Any ... that; of no matter what type or kind that.	Any; of no matter what type or kind.	Regardless of the ... that; for any ... that.	What ever; emphatic form of 'what'.
whatever	pron	Anything that; all that.	Anything; thing(s) of unspecified kind, or no matter what kind; sometimes used to indicate that the speaker does not care about options.	Regardless of anything that.	What ever; emphasised form of 'what', used to ask which thing, event, circumstance, etc.
whatever	adv	At all; in any way; whatsoever.	In what way; to what extent.
whatever	intj	A holophrastic expression used to dismiss something that the speaker doesn't care about, doesn't think important, or doesn't want to consider or discuss any further. Sometimes conceived as an ellipsis of whatever you say, implying feigned deference: whatever you say [apparently must be true].
whatever	adj	Unexceptional or unimportant; blah.
whatever	noun	Something whose exact kind or nature is unimportant; a thingy.
paint	noun	A set of containers or blocks of paint of different colors/colours, used for painting pictures.	A substance that is applied as a liquid or paste, and dries into a solid coating that protects or adds colour to an object or surface to which it has been applied.	Any substance fixed with latex to harden it.	Graphics drawn using an input device, not scanned or generated.	Makeup.	Paintballs.	Synonym of face card (king, queen, or jack).	Tattoo work.	The appearance of an object on a radar screen.	The free-throw lane, construed with the.
paint	verb	To apply in the manner that paint is applied.	To apply paint to.	To apply with a brush in order to treat some body part.	To color one's face by way of beautifying it.	To cover (something) with spots of colour, like paint.	To create (an image) with paints.	To depict or portray.	To detect (something) with radar.	To draw an element in a graphical user interface.	To practise the art of painting pictures.
wind	noun	A bird, the dotterel.	A direction from which the wind may blow; a point of the compass; especially, one of the cardinal points.	A disease of sheep, in which the intestines are distended with air, or rather affected with a violent inflammation. It occurs immediately after shearing.	A tendency or trend.	A woodwind instrument. Occasionally also used to describe a brass instrument.	Air artificially put in motion by any force or action.	Breath modulated by the respiratory and vocal organs, or by an instrument.	Flatus.	Mere breath or talk; empty effort; idle words.	News of an event, especially by hearsay or gossip.	One of the five basic elements in Indian and Japanese models of the Classical elements.	One of the four elements of the ancient Greeks and Romans; air.	Real or perceived movement of atmospheric air usually caused by convection or differences in air pressure.	The ability to breathe easily.	The act of winding or turning; a turn; a bend; a twist.	The region of the solar plexus, where a blow may paralyze the diaphragm and cause temporary loss of breath or other injury.	The woodwind section of an orchestra. Occasionally also used to include the brass section.	Types of playing-tile in the game of mah-jongg, named after the four winds.
wind	verb	To blow air through a wind instrument or horn to make a sound.	To cause (someone) to become breathless, as by a blow to the abdomen, or by physical exertion, running, etc.	To cause a baby to bring up wind by patting its back after being fed.	To cause to move by exerting a winding force; to haul or hoist as by a winch.	To cover or surround with something coiled about.	To entwist; to enfold; to encircle.	To expose to the wind; to winnow; to ventilate.	To have complete control over; to turn and bend at one's pleasure; to vary or alter at will; to regulate; to govern.	To introduce by insinuation; to insinuate.	To perceive or follow by scent.	To rest (a horse, etc.) in order to allow the breath to be recovered; to breathe.	To tighten the spring of a clockwork mechanism.	To travel or follow a path with numerous curves.	To turn (a ship) around, end for end.	To turn a boat or ship around, so that the wind strikes it on the opposite side.	To turn a windmill so that its sails face into the wind.	To turn coils of (a cord or something similar) around something.
discuss	verb	To break to pieces; to shatter.	To communicate, tell, or disclose (information, a message, etc.).	To converse or debate concerning a particular topic.	To deal with, in eating or drinking; consume.	To drive away, disperse, shake off; said especially of tumors.	To examine or search thoroughly; to exhaust a remedy against, as against a principal debtor before proceeding against the surety.
certainly	adv	An emphatic affirmative answer; of course.	In a way which is certain; with certainty.	Without doubt, surely.
hell	name	A place of torment where some or all sinners are believed to go after death and evil spirits are believed to be.
hell	noun	A place for gambling.	A place into which a tailor throws shreds, or a printer discards broken type.	A place or situation of great suffering in life.	An extremely hot place.	In certain games of chase, a place to which those who are caught are carried for detention.	Something extremely painful or harmful (to)	Used as an intensifier in phrases grammatically requiring a noun.
hell	intj	Used to emphasize.	Used to express discontent, unhappiness, or anger.	Used to introduce an intensified statement following an understated one; nay; not only that, but.
hell	adv	Alternative form of the hell or like hell.	Very; used to emphasize strongly.
hell	verb	To add luster to; to burnish (silver or gold).	To hurry, rush.	To make hellish; to place (someone) in hell; to make (a place) into a hell.	To move quickly and loudly; to raise hell as part of motion.	To pour.
oclock		
desk	noun	A department tasked with a particular topic or focus in certain types of businesses, such as newspapers and financial trading firms.	A reading table or lectern to support the book from which the liturgical service is read, differing from the pulpit from which the sermon is preached; also (especially in the United States), a pulpit. Hence, used symbolically for the clerical profession.	A station for a string player in an orchestra, consisting of a chair and a music stand, or a row of such stations.	A table, frame, or case, in past centuries usually with a sloping top but now usually with a flat top, for the use of writers and readers. It often has a drawer or repository underneath.	Ellipsis of mixing desk.
desk	verb	To equip with a desk or desks.	To reject (an article submitted to a newspaper or academic journal etc.) on initial receipt, without reviewing it further.	To shut up, as in a desk; to treasure.
sea	noun	A body of salt water smaller than an ocean, generally forming part of, or connecting with, an ocean or a larger sea.	A constant flux of gluons splitting into quarks, which annihilate to produce further gluons.	A lake, especially if large or if salty or brackish.	A large body of salt water.	A large, dark plain of rock; a mare.	A single wave; billow.	A very large lake of liquid hydrocarbon.	Anything resembling the vastness or turbulence of the sea in mass, size or quantity.	Living or used in or on the sea; of, near, or like the sea.	The ocean; the continuous body of salt water covering a majority of the Earth's surface.	The swell of the sea, especially when high or rough.
dictionary	noun	A person or thing regarded as a repository or compendium of information.	A reference work listing words or names from one or more languages, usually ordered alphabetically, explaining each word's meanings or senses, oftentimes also containing information on its etymology, pronunciation, usage, semantic relations, translations, as well as other relevant information.	A reference work on a particular subject or activity in which the entries are arranged alphabetically; an alphabetical encyclopedia.	A synchronic dictionary of a standardised language held to only contain words that are properly part of the language.	An associative array, a data structure where each value is referenced by a particular key, analogous to words and definitions in a dictionary (sense 1).	The collection of words used or understood by a particular person; vocabulary.
dictionary	verb	To add to a dictionary.	To compile a dictionary.	To look up in a dictionary.
taste	noun	A kind of narrow and thin silk ribbon.	A person's implicit set of preferences, especially esthetic, though also culinary, sartorial, etc.	A small amount of experience with something that gives a sense of its quality as a whole.	A small sample of food, drink, or recreational drugs.	One of the sensations produced by the tongue in response to certain chemicals; the quality of giving this sensation.	Personal preference; liking; predilection.	The sense that consists in the perception and interpretation of this sensation.
taste	verb	To experience.	To have a taste; to excite a particular sensation by which flavor is distinguished.	To identify (a flavor) by sampling something orally.	To sample the flavor of something orally.	To take sparingly.	To try by eating a little; to eat a small quantity of.	To try by the touch; to handle.
taste	adj	Deliberate misspelling of tasty.
winter	noun	An appliance to be fixed on the front of a grate, to keep a kettle warm, etc.	Someone with dark skin, eyes and hair, seen as best suited to certain colors of clothing.	The period of decay, old age, death, or the like.	The rainy season.	Traditionally the fourth of the four seasons, typically regarded as spanning the months of December, January, and February in temperate and polar regions of the Northern Hemisphere or the months of June, July, and August in the Southern Hemisphere. It is the time when the sun is lowest in the sky, resulting in short days, and the time of year with the lowest atmospheric temperatures for the region.
winter	verb	To spend the winter (in a particular place).	To store something (for instance animals) somewhere over winter to protect it from cold.
attend	verb	Followed by at: to go to and be present at a place for some purpose; also (obsolete), followed by on: to be present at and take part in an event.	Followed by for: of a thing: to be in store or lie in wait.	Followed by for: to expect or look forward.	Followed by on or upon: of a (chiefly immaterial) thing: to be consequent on or present with.	Followed by to or unto: to listen.	Followed by to: to look after someone or something.	Followed by to: to take action with respect to someone or something; to deal with.	Of a (chiefly immaterial) thing: to be consequent to or present with (someone or something); to accompany.	Of a thing: to be in store or lie in wait for (someone or something); to await.	Often followed by to, upon, or with: to give consideration; to pay attention.	Senses relating to caring for or waiting on someone, or accompanying or being present.	Senses relating to directing one's attention.	Senses relating to waiting for something.	To be present at (an event or place) in order to take part in some action or proceedings; also, to regularly go to (an event or place).	To be ready to wait upon someone or their instructions as an attendant, servant, etc.; also (followed by on or upon), to accompany someone in order to assist or wait upon them.	To care for (someone requiring attention); specifically, of a doctor, nurse, etc.: to provide professional care to (someone).	To expect or look forward to (someone or something).	To give consideration to (someone or something); to heed, to pay attention, to regard.	To intend (something).	To listen to (something or someone).	To look after (someone or something); to tend.	To look out or wait for (someone, or something such as a decision or event); to await.	To remain and wait; to abide.	To take action with respect to (someone, or something such as a concern, problem, or task); to deal with, to handle.	To wait on (someone or their instructions) as an attendant, servant, etc.; also (specifically of a gentleman-in-waiting or lady-in-waiting to a member of royalty), to accompany (someone) in order to assist or wait upon them; to escort.
remain	noun	Posthumous works or productions, especially literary works.	State of remaining; stay.	That which is left of a human being after the life is gone; relics; a dead body.	That which is left; relic; remainder.
remain	verb	To await; to be left to.	To be left after a number or quantity has been subtracted or cut off; to be left as not included or comprised.	To continue in a state of being.	To continue unchanged in place, form, or condition, or undiminished in quantity; to abide; to stay; to endure; to last.	To stay after others or other parts have been removed or otherwise disappeared.
herself	pron	Her; the female object of a verb or preposition that also appears as the subject.	She; an intensifier of the female subject or object, often used to indicate the directness or exclusiveness of that person .	The subject or non-reflexive object of a predicate; she (used of upper-class ladies, or sarcastically, of women who imagine themselves to be more important than others)
raise	verb	To bring into being; to produce; to cause to arise, come forth, or appear.	To bring up; to grow.	To call up the forces of, to raise the troops from.	To cause (a dead person) to live again; to resurrect.	To cause (the land or any other object) to seem higher by drawing nearer to it.	To cause something to come to the surface of water.	To cause to rise; to lift or elevate.	To collect or amass.	To create, increase or develop.	To create; to constitute (a use, or a beneficial interest in property).	To emboss (sheet metal), or to form it into cup-shaped or hollow articles, by hammering, stamping, or spinning.	To establish contact with (e.g., by telephone or radio).	To exponentiate, to involute.	To extract (a subject or other verb argument) out of an inner clause.	To form by the accumulation of materials or constituent parts; to build up; to erect.	To increase the nominal value of (a cheque, money order, etc.) by fraudulently changing the writing or printing in which the sum payable is specified.	To instantiate and transmit (an exception, by throwing it, or an event).	To make (bread, etc.) light, as by yeast or leaven.	To mention (a question, issue) for discussion.	To open, initiate.	To produce a vowel with the tongue positioned closer to the roof of the mouth.	To promote.	To relinquish (a siege), or cause this to be done.	To remove or break up (a blockade), either by withdrawing the ships or forces employed in enforcing it, or by driving them away or dispersing them.	To respond to a bet by increasing the amount required to continue in the hand.
raise	noun	A bet that increases the previous bet.	A cairn or pile of stones.	A shaft or a winze that is dug from below, for purposes such as ventilation, local extraction of ore, or exploration.	A shot in which the delivered stone bumps another stone forward.	A shoulder exercise in which the arms are elevated against resistance.	Ellipsis of pay raise (“an increase in wages or salary”).
force	noun	A group organized for the goal of attacking, controling, or constraining, especially one with a set command structure (in particular, a military or police group).	A magic trick in which the outcome is known to the magician beforehand, especially one involving the apparent free choice of a card by another person.	A metaphysical and ubiquitous power from the fictional Star Wars universe created by George Lucas. See usage note.	A particular form or type of force.	A physical quantity that denotes ability to push, pull, twist or accelerate a body and which has a direction and is measured in a unit dimensioned in mass × distance/time² (ML/T²): SI: newton (N); CGS: dyne (dyn).	A waterfall or cascade.	Ability of an utterance or its element (word, form, prosody, ...) to effect a given meaning.	Ability to influence; Strength or energy of body or mind; active power; vigour; might; capacity of exercising an influence or producing an effect.	An instance of a physical force.	Any large, organized group involved in a military engagement.	Anything that is able to make a substantial change in a person or thing.	Either unlawful violence, as in a "forced entry", or lawful compulsion.	Force understood as something of which there can be an amount.	Military personnel, collectively, including any vehicles, ships, or aircraft. More broadly, the military or police altogether.	Power exerted against will or consent; compulsory power; violence; coercion.	Something or anything that has the power to produce a physical effect upon something else, such as causing it to move or change shape.	Something that exerts influence.	Something that, over time, influences a system with which it interacts (with a connotation of underlyingness, subtlety, or indirectness).	Synonym of police force.	The annualized instantaneous rate of change at a particular timepoint.	The generalized abstraction of this concept.	The state of having legal weight, of being legally valid,.
force	verb	To allow the force of; to value; to care for.	To cause to occur (despite inertia, resistance etc.); to produce through force.	To compel (an adversary or partner) to trump a trick by leading a suit that he/she does not hold.	To constrain by force; to overcome the limitations or resistance of.	To create an out by touching a base in advance of a runner who has no base to return to while in possession of a ball which has already touched the ground.	To drive (something) by force, to propel (generally + prepositional phrase or adverb).	To exert oneself, to do one's utmost.	To forcibly open (a door, lock etc.).	To grow (rhubarb) in the dark, causing it to grow early.	To make someone or something do something, often regardless of their will.	To obtain or win by strength; to take by violence or struggle; specifically, to capture by assault; to storm, as a fortress.	To provide with forces; to reinforce; to strengthen by soldiers; to man; to garrison.	To put in force; to cause to be executed; to make binding; to enforce.	To stuff; to lard; to farce.	To violate (a woman); to rape.
draw	verb	Chiefly followed by about or around: of a group of people: to come together; to assemble, to congregate, to gather.	Chiefly followed by aside or to one side: to move (someone) away from a group of people in order to speak to them privately.	Chiefly in draw and quarter and hang, draw and quarter: to disembowel (someone), especially after hanging as a punishment for high treason.	Especially of a draught animal: to pull something, such as a plough or vehicle, along; to have force to move something by pulling.	Followed by an adverb, such as deep or shallow: of a vessel: to require a depth of water of a certain characteristic to float in.	Followed by at or on: to drag or suck deeply on a cigarette, pipe, or other smoking implement.	Followed by on or upon: to bring (disaster or misfortune) on oneself.	Followed by out: to flatten (a piece of metal), usually by hammering.	Followed by through: to pass (food) through a strainer.	In a match scheduled to last for a certain period of time: to end (a match) with neither side winning because the team batting last has not completed its innings when the playing time concludes.	Now chiefly in the form draw up: to compose or write (a piece of text, especially a formal document).	Of a bathtub: to be filled with water for a bath; to be run.	Of a batter: to hit (a ball) from the off side to the leg side, especially with an inclined bat; also, to hit (a short-length ball directed at the leg stump) with an inclined bat so as to deflect the ball between the legs and the wicket.	Of a bowl: to move in a curve to a certain place.	Of a channel, drain, etc.: to carry (water) away.	Of a channel, drain, etc.: to carry water away.	Of a duct, smoking implement, etc.: to allow air to be passed through it in order that combustion can occur.	Of a liquid: to drain away, to percolate.	Of a plant or its roots: to deplete (soil) of nutrients.	Of a plough or vehicle: to be pulled along in a specified manner.	Of a sail: to fill with wind and become taut.	Of a vessel: to require (a certain depth of water) to float in.	Of blinds, a curtain, etc.: to be pulled open or closed.	Often followed by on or upon and the person or institution providing the money: to write (a bill, cheque, or draft) to authorize payment of money.	Often followed by tight: to pull (something, such as a belt or string) so that it tightens or wraps around something more closely.	Senses relating to attracting.	Senses relating to depicting or representing.	Senses relating to exerting force or pulling.	Senses relating to extending or protracting.	Senses relating to extracting or selecting.	Senses relating to moving or travelling.	To amount to (a certain quantity or sum).	To amount to a certain quantity or sum.	To arrange or devise (something); to contrive.	To assume a specific attitude or position, either by pulling in or stretching out one's body or limbs.	To attract (humours, pus, etc.), chiefly by bringing to the surface of the body, so it can be dispersed or removed; also, to treat (a wound) in this way.	To attract (something) by means of a physical force, especially gravity or magnetism.	To attract or cause (someone) to come to a particular place or to take a particular course of action; also, to cause (someone) to turn away from a particular condition or course of action.	To attract or influence a person or group of people; to be an inducement or enticement.	To attract or provoke (a particular reaction or response) from someone.	To attract or provoke gunfire, either intentionally or unintentionally.	To attribute (something) to a person or thing; to ascribe.	To be (able to be) pulled in a particular direction or manner.	To be dealt or to take (a playing card) from the deck; also, to have (a particular hand) as a result of this.	To be dealt or to take a playing card from the deck.	To be dragged along; to drag.	To be made larger or longer; to be elongated or stretched.	To become contracted; to shrink.	To call forth (something) from a person, to elicit.	To carry (a load) in a vehicle; to cart, to haul.	To carve or shape (something) by cutting off thin pieces.	To cause (a body part) to contract or shrink; also, to pull (the mouth, the face or features, etc.) out of shape from emotion, etc.; to distort.	To cause (a bowl) to move in a curve to a certain place.	To cause (air) to be sucked into a duct, a room, etc.	To cause (someone or something) to go from one place to another, or from one condition to another.	To cause (something) to occur as a consequence; to bring about.	To change (something) into another thing; to convert, to transform.	To come to, towards (a particular moment in time); to approach (a time).	To conduct, or select the winning numbers, tickets, etc., for, (a lottery).	To construct (a canal, wall, etc.) from one point to another.	To consume (power).	To convert (a passage) from one literary style to another (for example, from prose to verse); or to translate (a text) from one language to another.	To create (a furrow) by pulling a plough through soil.	To deduce or infer (a conclusion); to make (a deduction).	To depict (something) linguistically; to portray (something) in words; to describe.	To direct (one's heart, thoughts, etc.) in a certain way or towards someone or something.	To drag (someone) by tying behind a horse or on a frame as a form of punishment or torture, or to bring to a place of execution.	To drag (something), especially along the ground.	To drag or suck deeply on (a cigarette, pipe, or other smoking implement).	To elicit information from (someone); to induce (a person) to speak on some subject. (Now frequently in passive.)	To end (a game or match) with neither side winning, that is, in a draw.	To end a game or match with neither side winning, that is, in a draw; to tie.	To extend in area or space; to spread, to stretch.	To extend the duration of (something); to prolong.	To extract (a small amount of liquid, especially blood) by puncturing a surface, or by using a pipette, syringe, or other suction device.	To extract (a tooth); to pull.	To extract (juice, oil, or some other fluid) from something by osmosis, pressure, or another process.	To fill a bathtub with (water for a bath); to run (a bath).	To fish by dragging a fishing net along (a shore) or in (a body of water).	To give (courage, strength, etc.) to oneself; to summon up; also, to produce (evil, wickedness, etc.) in oneself.	To give (words) a certain meaning, especially one which is distorted; to distort, to misrepresent.	To hit (the ball) with the toe of the club so that it is deflected toward the left (or, for a left-handed player, toward the right, originally in an uncontrolled and now a controlled manner.	To hoist (a sail).	To induce (the attention, the eyes or mind, etc.) to be directed at or focused on something.	To kill someone as a form of punishment or torture by tearing apart (their body) by tying their limbs to horses which run in different directions; also, to tear (the limbs) from someone's body in this manner.	To leave (tea) temporarily in water to allow the flavour to increase; to infuse, to steep.	To leave tea temporarily in water to allow the flavour to increase; to infuse, to steep; also, of a teapot: to cause tea to infuse.	To make (a comparison or contrast) between two or more things; to compare; to contrast, to distinguish.	To make (something) larger or longer; to elongate, to stretch.	To make (straw straight for thatching by pulling it through the hands.	To make (wire) by pulling a rod or other piece of metal through one or more apertures; also, to stretch (a rod or other piece of metal) into a wire.	To make a shot that lands in the house.	To make straw straight for thatching by pulling it through the hands.	To mix (an ingredient) with another ingredient or ingredients to form a liquid or paste; to mix (ingredients) together to form a liquid or paste.	To move (a body part) in a particular direction.	To move in a specific direction.	To move steadily in a particular direction or into a specific position.	To obtain, elicit.	To play (a shot or a stone) that lands in the house (“circular target”).	To produce (a figure, line, picture, representation of something, etc.) with a piece of chalk, a crayon, a pen, a pencil, or other instrument.	To produce (a three-dimensional figure of something); to model, to mould, to sculpt.	To produce an image of something with a piece of chalk, a crayon, a pen, a pencil, or other instrument; to make a drawing or drawings.	To pull (blinds, a curtain, etc.) open or closed.	To pull (someone or something) in a particular direction or manner.	To pull (something) out; to extract, to remove.	To pull at something; to tug.	To pull back (an arrow or bowstring) in preparation for shooting the arrow; also, to cause (a bow) to bend by pulling back the bowstring.	To pull back an arrow or bowstring in preparation for shooting the arrow; also, to cause a bow to bend by pulling back the bowstring.	To pull out (a bolt or latch) to unlock a door, gate, etc.; also, to push in (a bolt or latch) to lock a door, gate, etc.	To pull out (a firearm, sword, or other weapon) from a holster, sheath, etc.; to unsheathe.	To pull out a firearm, sword, or other weapon from a holster, sheath, etc.	To raise (coal or ore) from an underground mine to the surface.	To receive (a particular prison sentence).	To receive (a salary); to withdraw (money) from a bank etc.	To remove (a hawk) from a mew after it has moulted.	To remove a hawk from a mew after it has moulted.	To remove the contents of (something, especially a kiln or oven); to empty.	To remove the viscera from (an animal, especially a bird) before cooking.	To search (a covert, a wood, etc.) for game or a quarry.	To search for game; to track a quarry.	To select (one or more things) at random from a collection of similar things to decide which of a group of people will receive something such as a prize, or undergo something such as an assignment; also, to select (someone) by this process; to win (a prize) in a lottery or lucky draw.	To select one or more things at random from a collection of similar things to decide which of a group of people will receive or undergo something.	To separate (a length of lace made by machine) into sections by removing the threads connecting the sections.	To separate (seeds) from the husks of clover or trefoil; also, to separate seeds from the husks of (clover or trefoil).	To separate (sheep) from a flock for a particular purpose, such as breeding or selling.	To sew together (the edges of a tear); also, to mend (a hole or tear) in fabric.	To soak up (a liquid, etc.); to absorb; specifically, of an organism (especially a plant) or one of its parts: to take in (nutrients, water, etc.).	To steal (something) from a person, especially by picking a pocket; also to pick the pocket of (someone); to steal from (a place).	To stretch (someone) on a rack as a form of punishment or torture.	To strike (the cue ball) below the centre so as to give it a backward rotation which causes it to move backwards on striking another ball.	To subject (a number) to an arithmetic operation.	To take (a beverage) from a cask or keg using a pump or tap; to tap.	To take (a wicket).	To take (air, smoke, etc.) into the lungs; to breathe in, to inhale.	To take (something) from a particular source, especially of information; to derive.	To take a domino from the stock.	To take a drink of a beverage, especially an alcoholic one; to swig.	To take alcoholic beverages from casks or kegs in an inn or tavern; to work as a drawer or barman.	To take milk from (a cow); to milk.	To take up (water) from a well or other source, especially by lifting in a container or pumping.	To take up water from a well or other source, especially by lifting it in a container or pumping it.	To treat a wound by attracting humours, pus, etc., chiefly by bringing such material to the surface of the body, so it can be dispersed or removed.	To use (a draught animal) to pull a plough or vehicle.	To withdraw (something); specifically (gambling), to withdraw (a bet or wager); also (horse racing), to withdraw (a horse) from a race.	To work together towards a common aim; to cooperate, to pull together; also, to have a good relationship with; to get on with.	to haul in (a fishing net) which has been cast; also, to drag (a fishing net) alongside a boat.
draw	intj	Pull back your bowstring in preparation to shoot.
draw	noun	A bag of cannabis.	A dry stream bed that drains surface water only during periods of heavy rain or flooding.	A golf shot that (for the right-handed player) curves intentionally to the left. See hook, slice, fade.	A shot that is intended to land gently in the house (the circular target) without knocking out other stones; cf. takeout.	A situation in which one or more players has four cards of the same suit or four out of five necessary cards for a straight and requires a further card to make their flush or straight.	Cannabis.	Draft: flow through a flue of gasses (smoke) resulting from a combustion process, possibly adjustable with a damper.	In a commission-based job, an advance on future (potential) commissions given to an employee by the employer.	That which draws: that which attracts e.g. a crowd.	That which is drawn (e.g. funds from an account).	The act of drawing a gun from a holster, etc.	The act of drawing:	The act of pulling back the strings in preparation of firing; the distance the strings are pulled back.	The procedure by which the result of a lottery is determined.	The result of a contest that neither side has won.	The result of a two-innings match in which at least one side did not complete all their innings before time ran out (as distinguished from a tie).	The result of drawing:	The spin or twist imparted to a ball etc. by a drawing stroke.	The stall from which a horse begins the race.
traffic	noun	Moving pedestrians or vehicles, or the flux or passage thereof.	Of CB radio, formal written messages relayed on behalf of others.	The amount of attention paid to a particular printed page etc., in a publication.	The commercial transportation or exchange of goods, or the movement of passengers or people.	The commodities of the market.	The exchange or flux of information, messages or data, as in a computer or telephone network.	The illegal trade or exchange of goods, often drugs.
traffic	verb	To exchange in traffic; to effect by a bargain or for a consideration.	To pass goods and commodities from one person to another for an equivalent in goods or money; to buy or sell goods.	To trade meanly or mercenarily; to bargain.
traffic	adj	Congested.
sight	noun	A device used in aiming a projectile, through which the person aiming looks at the intended target.	A small aperture through which objects are to be seen, and by which their direction is settled or ascertained.	In a drawing, picture, etc., that part of the surface, as of paper or canvas, which is within the frame or the border or margin. In a frame, the open space, the opening.	Mental view; opinion; judgment.	Something seen.	Something worth seeing; a spectacle, either good or bad.	The ability to see.	The act of seeing; perception of objects by the eye; view.	The instrument of seeing; the eye.	a great deal, a lot; frequently used to intensify a comparative.
sight	verb	To apply sights to; to adjust the sights of.	To observe or aim (at something) using a (gun) sight.	To observe through, or as if through, a sight, to check the elevation, direction, levelness, or other characteristics of, especially when surveying or navigating.	To see; to get sight of (something); to register visually.
girlfriend	noun	A fellow gay man, especially a friend as opposed to a sexual partner.	A female friend of a woman or girl.	A female partner in an unmarried romantic relationship.	A term of address for a female friend or among gay men.
blue	adj	Depressed, melancholic, sad.	Drunk.	Extra rare; left very raw and cold.	Having a bluish or purplish shade to the skin due to a lack of oxygen to the normally deep-red red blood cells; cyanotic.	Having a coat of fur of a slaty gray shade.	Having a colour charge of blue.	Literary; scholarly; bluestockinged.	Of a blue hue.	Of, dominated by, or shifted toward the higher-frequency, or "bluer", end of the electromagnetic spectrum.	Pale, without redness or glare.	Risqué; obscene; profane; pornographic.	Severe or overly strict in morals; gloomy.	Supportive of or related to the Conservative Party.	Supportive of or related to the Liberal Party.	Supportive of, run by (a member of), pertaining to, or dominated by a political party represented by the colour blue.	Supportive of, run by (a member of), pertaining to, or dominated by the Democratic Party.
blue	noun	A blue cheese.	A blue dye or pigment.	A blue uniform. See blues.	A bluefish.	A bluestocking.	A dog or cat with a slaty gray coat.	A liquid with an intense blue colour, added to a laundry wash to prevent yellowing of white clothes.	A member of a sports team that wears blue colours; (in the plural) a nickname for the team as a whole. See also blues.	A member of law enforcement.	A member or supporter of the Conservative Party.	A person who has received such sporting colours.	A type of firecracker.	An argument or brawl.	An umpire, in reference to the typical dark-blue colour of the umpire's uniform. Sometimes perceived by umpires as derogatory when used by players or coaches while disputing a call.	Any of several processes to protect metal against rust.	Any of the butterflies of the subfamily Polyommatinae in the family Lycaenidae, most of which have blue on their wings.	Anything coloured blue, especially to distinguish it from similar objects differing only in colour.	Blue clothing.	One of the colour balls used in snooker, with a value of five points.	One of the three colour charges for quarks.	Risqué or pornographic material.	Sporting colours awarded by a university or other institution for sporting achievement, such as representing one's university, especially and originally at Oxford and Cambridge Universities in England. See also full blue, half blue.	The colour of the clear sky or the deep sea; the colour midway between green and violet in the visible spectrum and one of the primary additive colours.	The far distance; a remote or distant place.	The ocean; deep waters.	The sky, literally or figuratively.
blue	verb	To brighten by treating with blue (laundry aid).	To fight, brawl, or argue.	To make or become blue; to turn blue.	To spend (money) extravagantly; to blow.	To treat the surface of steel so that it is passivated chemically and becomes more resistant to rust.
newspaper	noun	A publication, usually published daily or weekly, containing news and other articles. Traditionally a print publication typically printed on cheap, low-quality paper; today usually digital and often also available in print.	A quantity of or one of the types of paper on which newspapers are printed.	The news organization that produces such a publication.
newspaper	verb	To cover with newspaper.	To engage in the business of journalism	To harass somebody through newspaper articles.
ride	verb	In jazz, to play in a steady rhythmical style.	Of a ship: to sail, to float on the water.	Of clothing: to gradually move (up) and crease; to ruckle.	Of clothing: to rest (in a given way on a part of the body).	To be carried or supported by something lightly and quickly; to travel in such a way, as though on horseback.	To be transported in a vehicle; to travel as a passenger.	To convey, as by riding; to make or do by riding.	To exploit or take advantage of (a situation).	To have sex with (someone).	To manage insolently at will; to domineer over.	To monitor (some component of an audiovisual signal) in order to keep it within acceptable bounds.	To mount (someone) to have sex with them.	To nag or criticize; to annoy (someone).	To overlap (each other); said of bones or fractured fragments.	To play defense on the defensemen or midfielders, as an attackman.	To rely, depend (on).	To support a rider, as a horse; to move under the saddle.	To transport (someone) in a vehicle.	To transport oneself by sitting on and directing a horse, later also a bicycle etc.	To traverse by riding.
ride	noun	A district inspected by an excise officer.	A fault caused by the overlapping of leads, etc.	A lift given to someone in another person's vehicle.	A person (or sometimes a thing or a place) that is visually attractive.	A road or avenue cut in a wood, for riding; a bridleway or other wide country path.	A saddle horse.	A steady rhythmical style.	A vehicle.	A wild, bewildering experience of some duration.	An act of sexual intercourse.	An amusement ridden at a fair or amusement park.	An instance of riding.	Ellipsis of ride cymbal.
smell	noun	A conclusion or intuition that a situation is wrong, more complex than it seems, or otherwise inappropriate.	A sensation, pleasant or unpleasant, detected by inhaling air (or, the case of water-breathing animals, water) carrying airborne molecules of a substance.	The sense that detects odours.
smell	verb	Followed by like or of if descriptive: to have a particular smell, whether good or bad.	To detect or perceive; often with out.	To give heed to.	To have a particular tincture or smack of any quality; to savour.	To sense a smell or smells.	To smell bad; to stink.	To smell of; to have a smell of
bicycle	noun	A motorbike.	A slut; a promiscuous woman.	A stabilizing technique in which one foot is pushed down while the other is pulled up.	A traveling block used on a cable in skidding logs.	A vehicle that has two primary wheels, one behind the other, a steering handle, and a saddle seat or seats and is usually propelled by the action of a rider’s feet upon pedals.	Any similar vehicle powered by human pedaling or steered with a handlebar, regardless of the number of wheels.	The best possible hand in lowball.	The wheel: either the lowest straight (A-2-3-4-5) or the best low hand in Lowball or High-low poker.
bicycle	verb	To physically ship (a recorded programme) to another broadcasting entity.	To travel or exercise using a bicycle.
weekend	noun	The break in the working week, usually two days including the traditional holy or sabbath day. Thus in Western countries, Saturday and Sunday.
weekend	verb	To spend the weekend.
weekend	adj	Occurring at the weekend.	Of, relating to or for the weekend.
thousand	num	A numerical value equal to 1,000 = 10 × 100 = 10³ (1 E+3 exactly—in scientific E notation.)
excuse	verb	To allow to leave, or release from any obligation.	To forgive; to pardon; to overlook.	To provide an excuse for; to justify.	To relieve of an imputation by apology or defense; to make apology for as not seriously evil; to ask pardon or indulgence for.
excuse	noun	A defense to a criminal or civil charge wherein the accused party admits to doing acts for which legal consequences would normally be appropriate, but asserts that special circumstances relieve that party of culpability for having done those acts.	An example of something that is substandard or of inferior quality.	An explanation designed to avoid or alleviate guilt or negative judgment; a plea offered in extenuation of a fault.
refuse	adj	Discarded, rejected.
refuse	noun	Collectively, items or material that have been discarded; rubbish, garbage.	refusal
refuse	verb	To decline (a request or demand).	To decline a request or demand, forbear; to withhold permission.	To disown.	To fuse again, as with, or after, heating or melting.	To throw back, or cause to keep back (as the centre, a wing, or a flank), out of the regular alignment when troops are about to engage the enemy.	To withhold (something) from (someone); to not give it to them or to bar them from having it.
machine	noun	A bathing machine.	A computer.	A contrivance in the Ancient Greek theatre for indicating a change of scene, by means of which a god might cross the stage or deliver a divine message; the deus ex machina.	A device that directs and controls energy, often in the form of movement or electricity, to produce a certain effect.	A person or organisation that seemingly acts like a machine, being particularly efficient, single-minded, or unemotional.	A vehicle operated mechanically, such as an automobile or an airplane.	An answering machine or, by extension, voice mail.	Especially, the group that controls a political or similar organization; a combination of persons acting together for a common purpose, with the agencies which they use.	Penis.	Supernatural agency in a poem, or a superhuman being introduced to perform some exploit.	The system of special interest groups that supports a political party, especially in urban areas.
machine	verb	To make by machinery.	To shape or finish by machinery; (usually, more specifically) to shape subtractively by metal-cutting with machine-controlled toolpaths.
enemy	noun	A hostile force or nation; a fighting member of such a force or nation.	A non-player character that tries to harm the player.	Of, by, relating to, or belonging to an enemy.	Someone who is hostile to, feels hatred towards, opposes the interests of, or intends injury to someone else.	Something harmful or threatening to another
enemy	verb	To make an enemy of.
complain	verb	To creak or squeak, as a timber or wheel.	To express feelings of pain, dissatisfaction, or resentment.	To make a formal accusation or bring a formal charge.
respect	noun	Good will; favor	Polite greetings, often offered as condolences after a death.	a particular aspect, feature or detail of something	an attitude of consideration or high regard	good opinion, honor, or admiration
respect	verb	To abide by an agreement.	To have regard for something, to observe a custom, practice, rule or right.	To have respect for.	To look toward; to face.	To regard; to consider; to deem.	To relate to; to be concerned with.	To take notice of; to regard as worthy of special consideration; to heed.
respect	intj	hello, hi
form	noun	A blank document or template to be filled in by the user.	A class or rank in society.	A class or year of school pupils.	A grouping of words which maintain grammatical context in different usages; the particular shape or structure of a word or part of speech.	A long bench with no back.	A numbered division grouping school students (usually every two years) in education between Years 1 and 13 (often preceded by an ordinal number to specify the form, as in sixth form).	A quantic.	A specific way of performing a movement.	A specimen document to be copied or imitated.	A thing that gives shape to other things as in a mold.	A window or dialogue box.	An infraspecific rank.	An order of doing things, as in religious ritual.	Characteristics not involving atomic components.	Constitution; mode of construction, organization, etc.; system.	Established method of expression or practice; fixed way of proceeding; conventional or stated scheme; formula.	Level of performance.	Past history (in a given area); a habit of doing something.	Regularity, beauty, or elegance.	Show without substance; empty, outside appearance; vain, trivial, or conventional ceremony; conventionality; formality.	The boundary line of a material object. In painting, more generally, the human body.	The combination of planes included under a general crystallographic symbol. It is not necessarily a closed solid.	The den or home of a hare.	The inherent nature of an object; that which the mind itself contributes as the condition of knowing; that in which the essence of a thing consists.	The shape or visible structure of a thing or person.	The type or other matter from which an impression is to be taken, arranged and secured in a chase.	To do with shape.	To do with structure or procedure.
form	verb	To assume (a certain shape or visible structure).	To constitute, to compose, to make up.	To create (a word) by inflection or derivation.	To give (a shape or visible structure) to a thing or person.	To mould or model by instruction or discipline.	To provide (a hare) with a form.	To put together or bring into being; assemble.	To take shape.	To treat (plates) to prepare them for introduction into a storage battery, causing one plate to be composed more or less of spongy lead, and the other of lead peroxide. This was formerly done by repeated slow alternations of the charging current, but later the plates or grids were coated or filled, one with a paste of red lead and the other with litharge, introduced into the cell, and formed by a direct charging current.
necessary	adj	Determined, involuntary: acting from compulsion rather than free will.	Required, essential, whether logically inescapable or needed in order to achieve a desired result or avoid some penalty.	Unavoidable, inevitable.
necessary	noun	A place to do the "necessary" business of urination and defecation: an outhouse or lavatory.	Necessity.
beat	noun	A beatnik.	A low cheat or swindler.	A makeup look; compare beat one's face.	A place of habitual or frequent resort.	A precinct.	A pulsation or throb.	A pulse on the beat level, the metric level at which pulses are heard as the basic unit. Thus a beat is the basic time unit of a piece.	A rhythm.	A short pause in a play, screenplay, or teleplay, for dramatic or comedic effect.	A smart tap on the adversary's blade.	A stroke; a blow.	An act of reporting news or scientific results before a rival; a scoop.	An area frequented by gay men in search of sexual activity. See gay beat.	An area of a person's responsibility, especially	That which beats, or surpasses, another or others.	The act of scouring, or ranging over, a tract of land to rouse or drive out game; also, those so engaged, collectively.	The instrumental portion of a piece of hip-hop music.	The interference between two tones of almost equal frequency	The primary focus of a reporter's stories (such as police/courts, education, city government, business etc.).	The rhythm signalled by a conductor or other musician to the members of a group of musicians.	The route patrolled by a police officer or a guard.
beat	verb	To arrive at a place before someone.	To be in agitation or doubt.	To exercise severely; to perplex; to trouble.	To have sexual intercourse.	To hit; to strike.	To indicate by beating or drumming.	To make a sound when struck.	To make a succession of strokes on a drum.	To mix food in a rapid fashion. Compare whip.	To move with pulsation or throbbing.	To persuade the seller to reduce a price.	To rob; to cheat or scam.	To sail to windward using a series of alternate tacks across the wind.	To sound with more or less rapid alternations of greater and lesser intensity, so as to produce a pulsating effect; said of instruments, tones, or vibrations not perfectly in unison.	To strike (water, foliage etc.) in order to drive out game; to travel through (a forest etc.) for hunting.	To strike or pound repeatedly, usually in some sort of rhythm.	To strike repeatedly; to inflict repeated blows; to knock vigorously or loudly.	To tread, as a path.	To win against; to defeat or overcome; to do or be better than (someone); to excel in a particular, competitive event.	past participle of beat	simple past tense of beat
beat	adj	Boring.	Dilapidated, beat up.	Exhausted.	Having impressively attractive makeup.	Relating to the Beat Generation.	Ugly.
impossible	adj	Not possible; not able to be done or happen.	Very difficult to deal with.	imaginary
impossible	noun	A skateboard trick consisting of a backflip performed in midair.	An impossibility.
boss	noun	A convex protuberance in hammered work, especially the rounded projection in the centre of a shield.	A hassock or small seat, especially made from a bundle of straw.	A head or reservoir of water.	A knob or projection, usually at the intersection of ribs in a vault.	A leader, the head of an organized group or team.	A lump-like mass of rock, especially one projecting through a stratum of different rock.	A person in charge of a business or company.	A person who oversees and directs the work of others; a supervisor.	A protrusion; frequently a cylinder of material that extends beyond a hole.	A roughly cut stone set in place for later carving.	A swelling, lump or protuberance in an animal, person or object.	A target block, made of foam but historically made of hay bales, to which a target face is attached.	A term of address to a man, especially a customer, but also sometimes to a friend or acquaintance of equal standing.	A wooden vessel for the mortar used in tiling or masonry, hung by a hook from the laths, or from the rounds of a ladder.	An enemy, often at the end of a level, that is particularly challenging and must be beaten in order to progress.	The head of a political party in a given region or district.	Wife.
boss	verb	To decorate with bosses; to emboss.	To exercise authoritative control over; to tell (someone) what to do, often repeatedly.
boss	adj	Of excellent quality, first-rate.
coat	noun	A coat card.	A coat of arms.	A covering of material, such as paint.	A petticoat.	An outer garment covering the upper torso and arms.	Canvas painted with thick tar and secured round a mast or bowsprit to prevent water running down the sides into the hold (now made of rubber or leather).	The fur or feathers covering an animal's skin.	The habit or vesture of an order of men, indicating the order or office; cloth.
coat	verb	To clothe.	To cover like a coat.	To cover with a coating of some material.
noise	noun	A genre of rock music that uses static and other non-musical sounds, also influenced by art rock.	Any part of a signal or data that reduces the clarity, precision, or quality of the desired output.	Any sound.	Music, in general; a concert; also, a company of musicians; a band.	Rumour or complaint.	Sound or signal generated by random fluctuations.	Speech that is suggestive of an attitude or opinion.	The measured level of variation in gene expression among cells, regardless of source, within a supposedly identical population.	Unwanted fuss or bustle; useless activity.	Variation or deviation generated by random fluctuations.	Various sounds, usually unwanted or unpleasant.
noise	verb	To make a noise; to sound.	To spread news of; to spread as rumor or gossip.
Tatoeba		
oh	intj	A word to mark a spoken phrase as imaginary.	A word to precede an added comment or afterthought.	A word to precede an offhand or annoyed remark.	An invocation or address (similar to the vocative in languages with noun declension), often with a term of endearment.	Exclamation for drama or emphasis (often poetic).	Expression of mild scepticism.	Expression of pain. See ouch.	Expression of surprise.	Expression of understanding, affirmation, recognition, or realization.	Expression of wonder, amazement, or awe.	Space filler or extra syllable, especially in (popular) music.
oh	noun	An utterance of oh; a spoken expression of surprise, acknowledgement, etc.	The name of the Latin-script letter O/o.	the digit 0 (especially in representations of speech)
oh	verb	To utter the interjection oh; to express surprise, etc.
foreign	adj	Alien; strange; uncharacteristic.	Belonging to a different organization, company etc.	From a different legal jurisdiction (state, province), even if within the same country.	Held at a distance; excluded; exiled.	Located outside a country or place, especially one's own.	Not characteristic of or naturally taken in by an organism or system.	Originating from, characteristic of, belonging to, or being a citizen of a country or place other than the one under discussion.	Outside, outdoors, outdoor.	Relating to a different nation.
foreign	noun	A foreign area	A foreign person	A foreign ship.	A foreign vehicle	A foreign whip, a car produced abroad.	A foreigner: a person from another country.	A non-guildmember.	An area of a community that lies outside the legal town or parish limits.	An area of a monastery outside its legal limits or serving as an outer court.	An outhouse; an outdoor toilet.	An outsider: a person from another place or group.	Short for various phrases, including foreign language, foreign parts, and foreign service.
egg	noun	A bomb or mine.	A food item shaped to resemble an egg (sense 1.1.1), such as a chocolate egg.	A foolish or obnoxious person.	A person regarded as having not yet realized they are transgender, who has not yet come out as transgender, or who is in the early stages of transitioning.	A person; a fellow.	A score of zero; specifically (cricket), a batter's failure to score; a duck egg or duck's egg.	A swelling on one's head, usually large or noticeable, resulting from an injury.	A thing which looks like or is shaped like an egg (sense 1.1).	A user of the microblogging service Twitter identified by the default avatar (historically an image of an egg (sense 1.1.1)) rather than a custom image; hence, a newbie or noob.	A white person considered to be overly infatuated with East Asia.	A young person.	An approximately spherical or ellipsoidal body produced by birds, insects, reptiles, and other animals, housing the embryo within a membrane or shell during its development.	Chiefly in egg and dart: an ornamental oval moulding alternating in a row with dart or triangular shapes.	One of the blocks of data injected into a program's address space for use by certain forms of shellcode, such as "omelettes".	One's lack of awareness that one is transgender.	Senses relating to people.	Something regarded as containing a (usually bad) thing at an early stage.	Synonym of ovum (“the female gamete of an animal”); an egg cell.	The edible egg (sense 1.1) of a domestic fowl such as a duck, goose, or, especially, a chicken; (uncountable) the contents of such an egg or eggs used as food.
egg	verb	To coat (a food ingredient) with or dip (a food ingredient) in beaten egg (noun sense 1.1.1) during the process of preparing a dish.	To collect the eggs (noun sense 1.1) of wild birds.	To conceive a child, especially recklessly.	To encourage, incite, or urge (someone).	To inadvertently or intentionally distort (the circular cross-section of something, such as tube) to an elliptical or oval shape.	To throw (especially rotten) eggs (noun sense 1.1.1) at (someone or something).
bread	noun	A foodstuff made by baking dough made from cereals.	A piece of embroidery; a braid.	Any variety of bread.	Breadth.	Food; sustenance; support of life, in general.	Money.	Such foodstuff that is not difficult to chew, being not extremely hard, dense, and dry.
bread	verb	To coat with breadcrumbs.	To form in meshes; net.
course	noun	A golf course.	A learning programme	A normal or customary sequence.	A path that something or someone moves along.	A programme, a chosen manner of proceeding.	A racecourse.	A row of bricks or blocks.	A row of material that forms the roofing, waterproofing or flashing system.	A row or file of objects.	A sequence of events.	A stage of a meal.	A treatment plan.	Any ordered process or sequence of steps.	In weft knitting, a single row of loops connecting the loops of the preceding and following rows.	Menses.	One or more strings on some musical instruments (such as the guitar, lute or vihuela): if multiple, then closely spaced, tuned in unison or octaves and intended to be played together.	The direction of movement of a vessel at any given moment.	The drive usually frequented by Europeans at an Indian station.	The intended passage of voyage, such as a boat, ship, airplane, spaceship, etc.	The itinerary of a race.	The lowest square sail in a fully rigged mast, often named according to the mast.	The path taken by a flow of water; a watercourse.	The succession of one to another in office or duty; order; turn.	The trajectory of a ball, frisbee etc.	a series of lectures or lessons in a particular subject	an educational programme at a college or university leading to an academic degree or vocational qualification.
course	verb	To cause to chase after or pursue game.	To pursue by tracking or estimating the course taken by one's prey; to follow or chase after.	To run or flow (especially of liquids and more particularly blood).	To run through or over.
course	adv	Ellipsis of of course.
fill	verb	To add contents to (a container, cavity, or the like) so that it is full.	To become full.	To become pervaded with something.	To block, obstruct	To ejaculate inside someone or something.	To enter (something), making it full.	To have sexual intercourse with (a female).	To install someone, or be installed, in (a position or office), eliminating a vacancy.	To make full	To occupy fully, to take up all of.	To satisfy or obey (an order, request, or requirement).	To supply fully with food; to feed; to satisfy.	To treat (a tooth) by adding a dental filling to it.	To trim (a yard) so that the wind blows on the after side of the sails.
fill	noun	A short passage, riff, or rhythmic sound that helps to keep the listener's attention during a break between the phrases of a melody.	A sufficient or more than sufficient amount.	An amount that fills a container.	An embankment, as in railroad construction, to fill a hollow or ravine; also, the place which is to be filled.	Ellipsis of fill light.	Inexpensive material used to occupy empty spaces, especially in construction.	One of the thills or shafts of a carriage.	Soil and/or human-created debris discovered within a cavity or cut in the layers and exposed by excavation; fill soil.	The filling of a container or area.	The weft yarn.
danger	noun	A contemptible person, especially one seen as perverted or mentally ill.	Ability to harm; someone's dominion or power to harm or penalise. See in one's danger, below.	An instance or cause of likely harm.	Difficulty; sparingness; hesitation.	Exposure to likely harm; peril.	Liability.	Mischief.	The stop indication of a signal (usually in the phrase "at danger").
danger	verb	To claim liability.	To imperil; to endanger.	To run the risk.
power	noun	A large amount or number.	A measure of the effectiveness that a force producing a physical effect has over time. If linear, the quotient of: (force multiplied by the displacement of or in an object) ÷ time. If rotational, the quotient of: (force multiplied by the angle of displacement) ÷ time.	A product of equal factors (and generalizations of this notion): xⁿ, read as "x to the power of n" or the like, is called a power and denotes the product x×x×⋯×x, where x appears n times in the product; x is called the base and n the exponent.	A strong or influential nation, company, or other such body.	A tractor.	An army, a military force.	Any of the elementary forms or parts of machines: three primary (the lever, inclined plane, and pulley) and three secondary (the wheel-and-axle, wedge, and screw).	Cardinality.	Designating one who does something forcefully or on a large or grand scale.	Electricity or a supply of electricity.	In Christian angelology, an intermediate level of angels, ranked above archangels, but exact position varies by classification scheme.	Physical force or strength.	Strength, energy.	The ability or authority to control, govern, command, coerce, etc., such as in a legal, political or business sphere.	The ability to affect or influence.	The ability to coerce, influence, or control.	The ability to do or undergo something.	The people in charge of legal or political power, the government.	The probability that a statistical test will reject the null hypothesis when the alternative hypothesis is true.	The production or flow of energy providing means to do work; energy per time unit.	The rate at which work is done or energy is transferred, expressed in units of energy per unit of time.	The strength by which a lens or mirror magnifies an optical image.
power	verb	To enable or provide the impetus for.	To hit or kick something forcefully.	To move or advance with great force or speed.	To provide power for (a mechanical or electronic device).
power	adj	Impressive.
power	intj	Used as a cheer to express support
land	noun	A conducting area on a board or chip which can be used for connecting wires.	A country or region.	A group of dwellings or tenements under one roof and having a common entry.	A person's country of origin and/or homeplace; homeland.	A shock or fright.	Any of several portions into which a field is divided for ploughing.	In any surface prepared with indentations, perforations, or grooves, that part of the surface which is not so treated, such as the level part of a millstone between the furrows.	On a compact disc or similar recording medium, an area of the medium which does not have pits.	Real estate or landed property; a partitioned and measurable area which is owned and acquired and on which buildings and structures can be built and erected.	Realm, domain.	The ground left unploughed between furrows.	The ground or floor.	The lap of the strakes in a clinker-built boat; the lap of plates in an iron vessel; called also landing.	The non-airline portion of an itinerary. Hotel, tours, cruises, etc.	The part of Earth which is not covered by oceans or other bodies of water.	The soil, in respect to its nature or quality for farming.	The space between the rifling grooves in a gun.	lant; urine
land	verb	(of a blow) To deliver.	(of a punch) To connect	To acquire; to secure.	To alight, to descend from a vehicle.	To arrive on land, especially a shore or dock, from a body of water.	To bring to land.	To capture or arrest.	To come into rest.	To descend to a surface, especially from the air.	To go down well with an audience.	To succeed in having sexual relations with; to score
Monday	noun	The second day of the week in many religious traditions, and the first day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 norm. It follows Sunday and precedes Tuesday.
Monday	adv	On Monday.
ill	adj	Bad-tempered.	Evil; wicked (of people).	Extremely bad (bad enough to make one ill). Generally used indirectly with to be.	Indicative of unkind or malevolent intentions; harsh, cruel.	Morally reprehensible (of behaviour etc.); blameworthy.	Nauseated; having an urge to vomit.	Sublime, with the connotation of being so in a singularly creative way.	Unpropitious, unkind, faulty, not up to reasonable standard.	Unwell in terms of health or physical condition; sick.	Unwise; not a good idea.
ill	adv	Not well; imperfectly, badly
ill	noun	A physical ailment; an illness.	Evil; moral wrongfulness.	Harm or injury.	PCP, phencyclidine.	Trouble; distress; misfortune; adversity.
ill	verb	To behave aggressively.
funny	adj	Amusing; humorous; comical.	Homosexual; gay.	Showing unexpected resentment.	Strange or unusual, often in an unpleasant way.
funny	noun	A comic strip.	A joke.	A narrow, clinker-built double-ender for sculling.	Humor in general.
funny	adv	In a manner seen as being typical of a homosexual, or indicating homosexuality.	In an unusual manner; strangely.
cross	noun	A betrayal; dishonest practices, especially deliberately losing a sporting contest.	A coin stamped with the figure of a cross, or that side of such a piece on which the cross is stamped; hence, money in general.	A difficult situation that must be endured.	A geometrical figure consisting of two straight lines or bars intersecting each other such that at least one of them is bisected by the other.	A hand gesture made in imitation of the shape of the Cross; sign of the cross.	A hook thrown over the opponent's punch.	A hybrid of any kind.	A line across or through another line.	A monument that marks such a place. (Also common in UK or Irish place names such as Charing Cross)	A pass in which the ball is kicked from a side of the pitch to a position close to the opponent’s goal.	A pipe-fitting with four branches whose axes usually form a right angle.	A place where roads intersect and lead off in four directions; a crossroad (common in UK and Irish place names such as Gerrards Cross).	A wooden post with a perpendicular beam attached and used (especially in the Roman Empire) to execute criminals (by crucifixion).	Alternative letter-case form of Cross (“the Crucifix, the cross on which Christ was crucified”).	An animal or plant produced by crossbreeding or cross-fertilization.	An instrument for laying of offsets perpendicular to the main course.	Any geometric figure having this or a similar shape, such as a cross of Lorraine or a Maltese cross.	Any representation of the crucifix, as in religious architecture, burial markers, jewelry, etc.	Church lands.	Crossfire.	Four edge cubies of one side that are in their right places, forming the shape of a cross.	The act of going across; the act of passing from one side to the other	The thirty-sixth Lenormand card.
cross	adj	Bad-tempered, angry, annoyed.	Dishonest.	Made in an opposite direction, or an inverse relation; mutually inverse; interchanged.	Of the sea, having two wave systems traveling at oblique angles, due to the wind over shifting direction or the waves of two storm systems meeting.	Opposing, adverse; being contrary to what one would hope or wish for.	Opposite, opposed to.	Transverse; lying across the main direction.
cross	prep	Across.	The cross product of the previous vector and the following vector.
cross	verb	Of both batsmen, to pass each other when running between the wickets in order to score runs.	Relative movement by a player or of players.	To conduct a cross examination; to question a hostile witness.	To contradict (another) or frustrate the plans of.	To cross-fertilize or crossbreed.	To go from one side of (something) to the other.	To interfere and cut off ; to debar.	To lay or draw something across, such as a line.	To make or form a cross.	To make the sign of the cross over (something or someone).	To make the sign of the cross over oneself.	To mark a cross against the name of (a student) in the buttery or kitchen, so that they cannot get food there.	To mark with an X.	To move relatively.	To oppose.	To pass the ball from one side of the pitch to the other side.	To pass, as objects going in an opposite direction at the same time.	To place across or athwart; to cause to intersect.	To score a try.	To stamp or mark (a cheque) in such a way as to prevent it being cashed, thus requiring it to be deposited into a bank account.	To travel in a direction or path that will intersect with that of another.	To write lines of text at right angles to and over the top of one another in order to save paper.ᵂ
top	noun	(A table at which there is, or which has enough seats for) a group of a specified number of people eating at a restaurant.	A bundle or ball of slivers of combed wool, from which the noils, or dust, have been taken out.	A child's spinning toy; a spinning top.	A dominant partner in a sadomasochistic relationship or roleplay.	A dominant partner in a sexual relationship.	A forward spin given to the ball by hitting it on or near the top; topspin.	A framework at the top of a ship's mast to which rigging is attached.	A garment worn to cover the torso.	A lid, cap, or cover of a container.	A peak price of a security during a trading period, before it begins a downward trend.	A person who penetrates or has a preference for penetrating during intercourse.	A plug or conical block of wood with longitudinal grooves on its surface, in which the strands of the rope slide in the process of twisting.	A stroke on the top of the ball.	A top quark.	Ellipsis of topswarm.	Eve; verge; point.	Fellatio; a blowjob.	Highest pitch or loudest volume.	Someone who is eminent.	The First Sergeant or Master Sergeant (U.S. Marine Corps), senior enlisted man at company level.	The chief person; the most prominent one.	The crown of the head, or the hair upon it; the head.	The first half of an inning, during which the home team fields and the visiting team bats.	The highest or uppermost part of something.	The highest rank; the most honourable position; the utmost attainable place.	The near end of somewhere.	The part of a cut gem between the girdle, or circumference, and the table, or flat upper surface.	The part of something that is usually highest or uppermost.	The uppermost part of a page, picture, viewing screen, etc.	The utmost degree; the acme; the summit.	Topboots.	a shoot (eaten as a vegetable).
top	verb	To arrange (fruit, etc.) with the best on top.	To be in the lead, to be at number one position (of).	To be the dominant partner in a BDSM relationship or roleplay.	To commit suicide.	To cover on the top or with a top.	To cover with another dye.	To cut or remove the top (as of a tree)	To cut, break, or otherwise take off the top of (a steel ingot) to remove unsound metal.	To exceed in height.	To excel, to surpass, to beat, to exceed.	To excel; to rise above others.	To improve (domestic animals, especially sheep) by crossing certain individuals or breeds with other superior breeds.	To murder or execute.	To penetrate during intercourse.	To put a stiffening piece or back on (a saw blade).	To raise one end of (a yard, etc.), making it higher than the other.	To rise aloft; to be eminent; to tower.	To strike (the ball) above the centre; also, to make (a stroke, etc.) by hitting the ball in this way.	To strike the top of (an obstacle) with the hind feet while jumping, so as to gain new impetus.
top	adj	Best; of the highest quality, fame or rank.	Relating to the chest or breasts.	Situated on the top of something.	Very good, of high quality, power, or rank.
top	adv	Best, highest.
continue	verb	To adjourn, prorogue, put off.	To make a continuation bet.	To make last; to prolong.	To proceed with (doing an activity); to prolong (an activity).	To remain in a given place or condition; to remain in connection with; to abide; to stay.	To resume.	To retain (someone or something) in a given state, position, etc.
continue	noun	An option allowing the player to resume play after game over, when all lives have been lost, while retaining their progress.
crazy	adj	Flawed or damaged; unsound, liable to break apart; ramshackle.	In love; experiencing romantic feelings.	Of unsound mind; insane; demented.	Out of control.	Sickly, frail; diseased.	Very excited or enthusiastic.	Very unexpected; wildly surprising.
crazy	adv	Very, extremely.
crazy	noun	An insane or eccentric person; a crackpot.	Eccentric behaviour; lunacy; craziness.
library	noun	A collection of DNA material from a single organism or relative to a single disease.	A collection of books or other forms of stored information.	A collection of software routines that provide functionality to be incorporated into or used by a computer program.	A room dedicated to storing books.	An equivalent collection of analogous information in a non-printed form, e.g. record library.	An institution which holds books and/or other forms of media for use by the public or qualified people often lending them out, as well as providing various other services for its users.	Any institution that lends out its goods for use by the public or a community.	The deck or draw pile.
difference	noun	A Boolean operation which is true when the two input variables are different but is otherwise false; the XOR operation ( scriptstyle A◌̅B+◌̅AB).	A characteristic of something that makes it different from something else.	A disagreement or argument.	An addition to a coat of arms to distinguish two people's bearings which would otherwise be the same. See augmentation and cadency.	Choice; preference.	Significant change in or effect on a situation or state.	The quality of being different.	The quality or attribute which is added to those of the genus to constitute a species; a differentia.	The result of a subtraction; sometimes the absolute value of this result.	The set of elements that are in one set but not another ( scriptstyle A◌̅B).
difference	verb	To distinguish or differentiate.
charge	noun	A forceful forward movement.	A load or burden; cargo.	A measure of thirty-six pigs of lead, each pig weighing about seventy pounds; a charre.	A measured amount of explosive.	A measured amount of powder and/or shot in a cartridge.	A mortgage.	A position (of a weapon) fitted for attack.	A sort of plaster or ointment.	An accusation by a person or organization.	An accusation.	An address given at a church service concluding a visitation.	An attack in which combatants rush towards an enemy in an attempt to engage in close combat.	An electric charge.	An image displayed on an escutcheon.	An instruction.	An offensive foul in which the player with the ball moves into a stationary defender.	An official description (by the police or a court) of a crime that somebody may be guilty of.	Cannabis.	Someone or something entrusted to one's care, such as a child to a babysitter or a student to a teacher.	The amount of money levied for a service.	The scope of someone's responsibility.	Weight; import; value.
charge	verb	To add to or represent on.	To assign (a debit) to an account.	To assign a duty or responsibility to; to order.	To assume as a bearing.	To attack by moving forward quickly in a group.	To call to account; to challenge.	To cause to take on an electric charge.	To commit a charging foul.	To formally accuse (a person) of a crime.	To impute or ascribe.	To lie on the belly and be still. (A command given by a hunter to a dog)	To load equipment with material required for its use, as a firearm with powder, a fire hose with water, a chemical reactor with raw materials.	To mortgage (a property).	To move forward quickly and forcefully, particularly in combat and/or on horseback.	To ornament with or cause to bear.	To pay on account, as by using a credit card.	To place a burden, load or responsibility on or in.	To replenish energy to (a battery, or a device containing a battery) by use of an electrical device plugged into a power outlet.	To replenish energy.	To require payment (of) (a price or fee, for goods, services, etc.).	To sell (something) at a given price.	To take a few steps down the pitch towards the bowler as they deliver the ball, either to disrupt the length of the delivery, or to get into a better position to hit the ball.
meat	noun	A meal.	A meathead.	A penis.	A totem, or (by metonymy) a clan or clansman which uses it.	A type of food, a dish.	A type of meat, by anatomic position and provenance.	Any relatively thick, solid part of a fruit, nut etc.	Food, for animals or humans, especially solid food. See also meat and drink.	Meal; flour.	The best or most substantial part of something.	The flesh (muscle tissue) of an animal used as food.	The sweet spot of a bat or club (in cricket, golf, baseball etc.).
novel	adj	Newly made, formed or evolved; having no precedent; of recent origin; new.	Original, especially in an interesting way; new and striking; not of the typical or ordinary type.
novel	noun	A fable; a short tale, especially one of many making up a larger work.	A new legal constitution in ancient Rome.	A novelty; something new.	A work of prose fiction, longer than a novella.
account	noun	A bank account.	A reason, grounds, consideration, motive; a person's sake.	A reckoning; computation; calculation; enumeration; a record of some reckoning.	A record of events; a relation or narrative.	A registry of pecuniary transactions; a written or printed statement of business dealings or debts and credits, and also of other things subjected to a reckoning or review.	A statement in general of reasons, causes, grounds, etc., explanatory of some event; a reason of an action to be done.	An estimate or estimation; valuation; judgment.	Authorization as a specific registered user in accessing a system.	Importance; worth; value; esteem; judgement.	Profit; advantage.
account	verb	To calculate, work out (especially with periods of time).	To cause the death, capture, or destruction of someone or something (+ for).	To consider that.	To count (up), enumerate.	To count.	To establish the location for someone.	To estimate, consider (something to be as described).	To give a satisfactory evaluation for (one's actions, behaviour etc.); to answer for.	To give a satisfactory evaluation for financial transactions, money received etc.	To give a satisfactory reason for; to explain.	To give an account of financial transactions, money received etc.	To present an account of; to answer for, to justify.	To provide explanation.	To recount, relate (a narrative etc.).	Used in phrasal verbs: account for, account of, account to.
earth	name	Alternative letter-case form of Earth; our planet, third out from the Sun.
earth	noun	A connection electrically to the earth ((US) ground); on equipment: a terminal connected in that manner.	A region of the planet; a land or country.	Any general rock-based material.	Any of certain substances now known to be oxides of metal, which were distinguished by being infusible, and by insolubility in water.	Any planet similar to the Earth (our earth): an exoplanet viewed as another earth, or a potential one.	Soil.	The aforementioned soil- or rock-based material, considered one of the four or five classical elements.	The ground, land (as opposed to the sky or sea).	The human body.	The lair or den (as a hole in the ground) of an animal such as a fox.	The people on the globe.	The world of our current life (as opposed to heaven or an afterlife).	Worldly things, as against spiritual ones.
earth	verb	To burrow.	To bury.	To connect electrically to the earth.	To hide, or cause to hide, in the earth; to chase into a burrow or den.
address	noun	A description of the location of a property, usually with at least a street name and number, name of a town, and now also a postal code; such a description as superscribed for direction on an envelope or letter.	A formal approach to a sovereign or head of state, especially an official appeal or petition.	A manner of speaking or writing to another; language, style.	A number identifying a specific storage location in computer memory.	A polite approach made to another person, especially of a romantic nature; an amorous advance.	A response given by each of the Houses of Parliament to the sovereign's speech at the opening of Parliament.	A string of characters identifying a node or range of nodes on a network (especially the Internet), such as an e-mail address, IP address or URL.	An act of addressing oneself to a person or group; a discourse or speech, or a record of this.	Direction.	Guidance; help.	Preparation.	Preparedness for some task; resourcefulness; skill, ability.	The act of bringing the head of the club up to the ball in preparation for swinging.	The act of getting ready; preparation.	The location of a property.
address	verb	To address oneself to; to prepare oneself for; to apply oneself to; to direct one's speech, discourse or efforts to.	To aim; to direct.	To clothe or array; to dress.	To consign or entrust to the care of another, as agent or factor.	To direct attention towards a problem or obstacle, in an attempt to resolve it.	To direct in writing, as a letter; to superscribe, or to direct and transmit.	To direct one’s remarks (to someone).	To direct speech to; to make a communication to, whether spoken or written; to apply to by words, as by a speech, petition, etc., to speak to.	To direct speech.	To direct, as words (to anyone or anything); to make, as a speech, petition, etc. (to any audience).	To get ready to hit (the ball on the tee).	To make suit to as a lover; to court; to woo.	To prepare oneself.	To prepare oneself; to apply one's skill or energies (to some object); to betake.	To prepare or make ready.	To refer to a location in computer memory.
effort	noun	A force acting on a body in the direction of its motion.	An endeavor.	The work involved in performing an activity; exertion.
effort	verb	To make an effort.	To strengthen, fortify or stimulate
driver	noun	A cooper's hammer for driving on barrel hoops.	A device driver; a program that acts as an interface between an application and hardware, written specifically for the device it controls.	A device that converts an electrical signal to sound waves; the principal component of loudspeakers and headphones.	A driving wheel of a locomotive.	A factor contributing to something; a cause.	A golf club used to drive the ball a great distance.	A kind of sail, smaller than a fore and aft spanker on a square-rigged ship, a driver is tied to the same spars.	A mallet.	A person who drives a motorized vehicle such as a car, truck, bus, train, forklift, etc.	A person who drives livestock: a drover.	A pilot (person who flies aircraft).	A screwdriver, a nutdriver, or a bit for such a tool; such bits include nutsetters.	A tamping iron.	Any driving element in any mechanism, which drives the driven element.	One who drives something.	Something that drives something else.
weight	noun	A standardized block of metal used in a balance to measure the mass of another object.	A variable which multiplies a value for ease of statistical manipulation.	An object used to make something heavier.	An object, such as a weight plate or barbell, used for strength training.	Emphasis applied to a given criterion.	Importance or influence.	Mass (atomic weight, molecular weight, etc.) (in restricted circumstances).	Mass (net weight, troy weight, carat weight, etc.).	Money.	One pound of drugs, especially cannabis.	Pressure; burden.	Shipments of (often illegal) drugs.	Synonym of mass (in general circumstances).	The boldness of a font; the relative thickness of its strokes.	The downwards force an object experiences due to gravity.	The illusion of mass.	The relative thickness of a drawn rule or painted brushstroke, line weight.	The resistance against which a machine acts, as opposed to the power which moves it.	The smallest cardinality of a base.	The thickness and opacity of paint.	The thickness of yarn.	Viscosity rating.	Weight class
weight	verb	To add weight to something; to make something heavier.	To assign weights to individual statistics.	To bias something; to slant.	To give a certain amount of force to a throw, kick, hit, etc.	To handicap a horse with a specified weight.	To load (fabrics) with barite, etc. to increase the weight.	To load, burden or oppress someone.
forward	adj	Acting in or pertaining to the direction in which someone or something is facing.	Acting in or pertaining to the direction of travel or movement.	Advanced beyond the usual degree; advanced for the season; precocious.	Expected or scheduled to take place in the future.	Having the usual order or sequence.	Moving in the desired direction of progress.	Ready; prompt; ardently inclined; in a bad sense, eager or hasty.	Situated toward or at the front of something.	Situated toward or near the enemy lines.	Without customary restraint or modesty; bold, cheeky, pert, presumptuous or pushy.
forward	adv	At, near or towards the front of something.	At, near, or towards the bow of a vessel (with the frame of reference within the vessel).	In the desired or usual direction of movement or progress, physically or figuratively; onwards.	In the direction in which someone or something is facing.	In the usual order or sequence.	Into the future.	So that front and back are in the usual orientation.	To an earlier point in time. See also bring forward.
forward	verb	To advance, promote.	To arrive, come.	To assemble (a book) by sewing sections, attaching cover boards, and so on.	To send (a letter, email etc.) on to a third party.
forward	noun	A direct agreement between two parties to buy or sell an asset at a specific point in the future; distinguished from a futures contract in that the latter is standardized and traded on an exchange.	A player on a team in football (soccer) in the row nearest to the opposing team's goal, who are therefore principally responsible for scoring goals.	Agreement; covenant.	An e-mail message that is forwarded to another recipient or recipients; an electronic chain letter.	An umbrella term for a centre or winger in ice hockey.	Misspelling of foreword (“preface or introduction”).	One of the eight players (comprising two props, one hooker, two locks, two flankers and one number eight, collectively known as the pack) whose primary task is to gain and maintain possession of the ball (compare back).	The front part of a vessel.	The small forward or power forward position; two frontcourt positions that are taller than guards but shorter than centers.
sky	noun	A cloud.	A disagreeable person; an enemy.	Ellipsis of sky blue.	In an art gallery: the upper rows of pictures that cannot easily be seen; also, the place where such pictures are hung.	The atmosphere above a given point, especially as visible from the surface of the Earth as the place where the sun, moon, stars, and clouds are seen.	The set of all lightlike lines (or directions) passing through a given point in space-time.	Usually preceded by the: the abode of God or the gods, angels, the souls of deceased people, etc.; heaven; also, powers emanating from heaven.	With a descriptive word: the part of the sky which can be seen from a specific place or at a specific time; its climate, condition, etc.
sky	verb	To clear (a high jump bar, hurdle, etc.) by a large margin.	To drink (a beverage) from a container without one's lips touching the container.	To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the top of a wall, where it cannot easily be seen; (by extension) to put (something) in an undesirable place.	To hit, kick, or throw (a ball) extremely high.	To hit, kick, or throw a ball extremely high.	To move quickly, as if by flying; to fly; also, to escape, to flee (especially by airplane).	To raise (the price of an item on auction, or the level of the bids generally) by bidding high.	To raise an oar too high above the water.	To toss (something) upwards; specifically, to flip (a coin).
abroad	adv	At large; widely; broadly; over a wide space.	Before the public at large; throughout society or the world; here and there; moving without restriction.	Beyond the bounds of a country; in foreign countries.	Not on target; astray; in error; confused; dazed.	Played elsewhere than one's home grounds.	Without a certain confine; outside the house; away from one's abode.
abroad	noun	Countries or lands abroad.
abroad	prep	Throughout, over.
abroad	adj	International.
easily	adv	Absolutely, without question.	Comfortably, without discomfort or anxiety.	More quickly or likely than is usual or expected.	Without difficulty.
warm	adj	Ardent, zealous.	Close to a goal or correct answer.	Communicating a sense of comfort, ease, or pleasantness.	Fresh, of a scent; still able to be traced.	Friendly and with affection.	Having a color in the part of the visible electromagnetic spectrum between red and yellow-green.	Of a somewhat high temperature, often but not always connoting that the high temperature is pleasant rather than uncomfortable.	Requiring arduous effort.	Well off as to property, or in good circumstances; prosperous.
warm	verb	(sometimes in the form warm up) To favour increasingly.	To beat or spank.	To become ardent or animated.	To become warm, to heat up.	To cause (someone) to favour (something) increasingly.	To give emotional warmth to a person.	To make engaged or earnest; to interest; to engage; to excite ardor or zeal in; to enliven.	To make or keep warm.	To prepopulate (a cache) so that its contents are ready for other users.	To scold or abuse verbally.
warm	noun	The act of warming, or the state of being warmed; a heating.
count	verb	To amount to, to number in total.	To be an example of something: often followed by as and an indefinite noun.	To be of significance; to matter.	To consider something as an example of something or as having some quality; to account, to regard as.	To determine the number of (objects in a group).	To plead orally; to argue a matter in court; to recite a count.	To recite numbers in sequence.	To reckon in, to include in consideration.	To recount, to tell.	To take account or note (of), to care (for).
count	noun	A countdown.	A distinct and separate charge in an indictment or complaint.	A nobleman holding a rank intermediate between dukes and barons.	An object of interest or account; value; estimation.	Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Tanaecia. Other butterflies in this genus are called earls and viscounts.	Cunt (the taboo swear word)	The act of counting or tallying a quantity.	The male ruler of a county.	The number of balls and strikes, respectively, on a batter's in-progress plate appearance.	The result of a tally that reveals the number of items in a set; a quantity counted.
count	adj	Countable.	Used to show the amount of like items in a package.
uncle	noun	A pawnbroker.	A source of advice, encouragement, or help.	An affectionate term for a man of an older generation than oneself, especially a friend of one's parents, by means of fictive kin.	An older African-American male.	Any middle-aged or elderly man older than the speaker and/or listener.	The brother or brother-in-law of one’s parent.	The male cousin of one’s parent.	Used as a fictive kinship title for a close male friend of one's parent or parents.	Used as a title for the male companion to one's (usually unmarried) parent.
uncle	intj	A cry used to indicate surrender.
uncle	verb	To act like, or as, an uncle.	To address somebody by the term uncle.
hey	intj	A meaningless beat marker or extra, filler syllable in song lyrics.	A protest or reprimand.	A request for repetition or explanation; an expression of confusion.	An exclamation to get attention.	An expression of surprise.	An informal greeting, similar to hi.	Used as a tag question, to emphasise what goes before or to request that the listener express an opinion about what has been said.
hey	noun	A choreographic figure in which three or more dancers weave between one another, passing by left and right shoulder alternately.	Alternative spelling of he (“Hebrew letter”).
perfect	adj	Describing an interval or any compound interval of a unison, octave, or fourths and fifths that are not tritones.	Equal to its set of limit points, i.e. set A is perfect if A=A'.	Equal to the sum of its proper divisors.	Exact, correctly reflecting the original in all aspects.	Excellent and delightful in all respects.	Fitting its definition precisely.	Fully trained or very knowledgeable; highly skilled	Having all of its parts in harmony with a common purpose.	Having both male parts (stamens) and female parts (carpels).	Having thoroughly learned or memorized a lesson; of a lesson: having been thoroughly learned or memorized.	Having thoroughly learned or memorized a part.	Innocent, guiltless; without blemish.	Made with equal parts of sweet and dry vermouth.	Morally or spiritually immaculate or ideal.	Representing a completed action.	Sane, of sound mind.	Sexually mature and fully differentiated.	Well informed; certain; sure.	Without fault or mistake; without flaw, of supreme quality.
perfect	noun	A leader of the Cathar movement.	A perfect score; the achievement of finishing a stage or task with no mistakes.	The perfect tense, or a form in that tense.
perfect	verb	To make perfect; to improve or hone.	To take an action, usually the filing of a document in the correct venue, that secures a legal right.
message	noun	A communication, or what is communicated; any concept or information conveyed.	An errand.	An underlying theme or conclusion to be drawn from something.	See messages (“groceries, shopping”).
message	verb	To bear as a message.	To send (something) as a message; usually refers to electronic messaging.	To send a message or messages; to be capable of sending messages.	To send a message to; to transmit a message to, e.g. as text via a cell phone.
lay	verb	To apply; to put.	To bet (that something is or is not the case).	To cause to subside or abate.	To deposit (a stake) as a wager; to stake; to risk.	To don or put on (tefillin (phylacteries)).	To have sex with.	To impose (a burden, punishment, command, tax, etc.).	To impute; to charge; to allege.	To install certain building materials, laying one thing on top of another.	To lie: to rest in a horizontal position on a surface.	To place (new type) properly in the cases.	To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone.	To place down in a position of rest, or in a horizontal position.	To point; to aim.	To prepare (a plan, project etc.); to set out, establish (a law, principle).	To present or offer.	To produce and deposit (an egg or eggs).	To produce and deposit an egg or eggs.	To put the strands of (a rope, a cable, etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them.	To state; to allege.	To take a position; to come or go.	simple past of lie (“to be oriented in a horizontal position, situated”)
lay	noun	A ballad or sung poem; a short poem or narrative, usually intended to be sung.	A basis or ground.	A casual sexual partner.	A lake.	A law.	A layer.	A lyrical, narrative poem written in octosyllabic couplets that often deals with tales of adventure and romance.	A meadow; a lea.	A place or activity where someone spends a significant portion of their time.	A pursuit or practice; a dodge.	A share of the profits in a business.	An act of sexual intercourse.	An obligation; a vow.	Arrangement or relationship; layout.	The direction a rope is twisted.	The laying of eggs.
lay	adj	Non-professional; not being a member of an organized institution.	Not belonging to the clergy, but associated with them.	Not educated or cultivated; ignorant.	Not trumps.
card	noun	A business card.	A comb- or brush-like device or tool to raise the nap on a fabric.	A graph formed from a given graph by deleting one vertex.	A greeting card.	A hand-held tool formed similarly to a hairbrush but with bristles of wire or other rigid material. It is used principally with raw cotton, wool, hair, or other natural fibers to prepare these materials for spinning into yarn or thread on a spinning wheel, with a whorl or other hand-held spindle. The card serves to untangle, clean, remove debris from, and lay the fibers straight.	A list of scheduled events or of performers or contestants; chiefly used in professional wrestling.	A machine for disentangling the fibres of wool prior to spinning.	A map or chart.	A perforated pasteboard or sheet-metal plate for warp threads, making part of the Jacquard apparatus of a loom.	A playing card.	A printed programme.	A published note, containing a brief statement, explanation, request, expression of thanks, etc.	A removable electronic device that may be inserted into a powered electronic device to provide additional capability.	A resource or argument, used to achieve a purpose. (See play the something card.)	A roll or sliver of fibre (as of wool) delivered from a carding machine.	A tabular presentation of the key statistics of an innings or match: batsmen’s scores and how they were dismissed, extras, total score and bowling figures.	A test card.	A title card or intertitle: a piece of filmed, printed text edited into the midst of the photographed action at various points, generally to convey character dialogue or descriptive narrative material related to the plot.	Abbreviation of cardinal (“songbird”).	An amusing or entertaining person, often slightly eccentric.	An attraction or inducement.	An indicator card.	Any flat, normally rectangular piece of stiff paper, plastic, etc.	Any game using playing cards; a card game.	Any of a set of pages or forms that the user can navigate between, and fill with data, in certain user interfaces.	Ellipsis of compass card.	Ellipsis of report card.	In formal debating, a verbatim citation used as evidence for a point.	Material with embedded short wire bristles.	Obsolete form of chard.	Paper that is thicker and more durable than normal writing or printing paper, but thinner and more flexible than paperboard, used for postcards, playing cards, etc.; card stock.
card	verb	To check IDs, especially against a minimum age requirement.	To clean or clear, as if by using a card.	To comb with a card; to cleanse or disentangle by carding.	To make (a stated score), as recorded on a scoring card.	To mix or mingle, as with an inferior or weaker article.	To play cards.	To scrape or tear someone’s flesh using a metal comb, as a form of torture.	To use a carding device to disentangle the fibres of wool prior to spinning.
manage	verb	To achieve (something) without fuss, or without outside help.	To bring about; to contrive.	To direct or be in charge of.	To end up doing something that could or should have been avoided.	To handle or control (a situation, job).	To handle with skill, wield (a tool, weapon etc.).	To manage to say; to say while fighting back embarrassment, laughter, etc.	To succeed at an attempt in spite of difficulty.	To train (a horse) in the manège; to exercise in graceful or artful action.	To treat with care; to husband.
manage	noun	Manège.	The act of managing or controlling something.
concert	verb	To act in harmony or conjunction; to form combined plans.	To plan together; to settle or adjust by conference, agreement, or consultation.	To plan; to devise; to arrange.
concert	noun	A musical performance, usually public, in which several performers or instruments take part.	An agreement in a design or plan; a union formed by mutual communication of opinions and views; an accordance in a scheme; harmony; a simultaneous action.	Musical accordance or harmony; concord.
drunk	adj	Drenched or saturated with moisture or liquid.	Elated or emboldened.	Habitually or frequently in a state of intoxication.	Intoxicated as a result of excessive alcohol consumption, usually by drinking alcoholic beverages.
drunk	adv	While drunk.
drunk	noun	A drinking-bout; a period of drunkenness.	A drunken state.	A habitual drinker, especially one who is frequently intoxicated.	One who is intoxicated with alcohol.
drunk	verb	past participle of drink	simple past of drink
admit	verb	To allow (someone) to enter a profession or to enjoy a privilege; to recognize as qualified for a franchise.	To allow to enter a hospital or similar facility for treatment.	To allow to enter; to grant entrance (to), whether into a place, into the mind, or into consideration	To be capable of; to permit. In this sense, "of" may be used after the verb, or may be omitted.	To concede as true; to acknowledge or assent to, as an allegation which it is impossible to deny (+ to).	To give warrant or allowance, to grant opportunity or permission.
vacation	noun	A period during which official activity or business is formally suspended; an official holiday from university, law courts etc.	A stretch of leisure time away from work or duty and devoted to rest or pleasure.	An extended period of time away from work or school.	Free time given over to a specific purpose; occupation, activity.	Freedom from some business or activity.	The act of making legally void.	The act of vacating something; moving out.
vacation	verb	To spend or take a vacation.
sad	adj	Appearing sorrowful.	Causing sorrow; lamentable.	Dignified, serious, grave.	Emotionally negative.	Feeling sorrow; sorrowful, mournful.	Heavy; weighty; ponderous; close; hard.	Naughty; troublesome; wicked.	Of colours: dark, deep; later, sombre, dull.	Poor in quality, bad; shameful, deplorable; later, regrettable, poor.	Sated, having had one's fill; satisfied, weary.	Soggy (to refer to pastries).	Steadfast, valiant.	Unfashionable; socially inadequate or undesirable.
sad	verb	To make melancholy; to sadden or grieve (someone).
sad	noun	Alternative form of saad (“Arabic letter”).
sad	intj	Expressing contempt, ridicule or disgust; bah!
climb	verb	Of plants, to grow upwards by clinging to something.	To ascend; rise; to go up.	To jump high.	To mount; to move upwards on.	To move (especially up and down something) by gripping with the hands and using the feet.	To move to a higher position on a chart, table, society, etc.	To move to a higher position on the social ladder.	To practise the sport of climbing.	To scale; to get to the top of something.
climb	noun	An act of climbing.	An effort of moving upward.	The act of getting to somewhere more elevated.
shut	verb	To catch or snag in the act of shutting something.	To cease operation or cease to be available.	To close (a business or venue) temporarily or permanently.	To close, in various senses.	To confine in an enclosed area; to enclose.	To isolate, to close off from the world.	To make or become unreceptive.	To preclude, exclude.	To put out of use or operation.	To remove or block an opening, gap or passage through.	To terminate an application, window, file or database connection, etc.	simple past and past participle of shut
shut	adj	Archaic form of shot (“discharged, cleared, rid of something”).	Closed, not open, in any of various senses.	Not available for use or operation.	Not operating or conducting trade; not allowing entrance to visitors or the public.	Not receptive.	Of a club, bat or other hitting implement, angled downwards and/or (for a right-hander) anticlockwise of straight.	Physically sealed, obstructed, folded together, etc.	Synonym of close.
shut	noun	A door or cover; a shutter.	A narrow alley or passage acting as a short cut through the buildings between two streets.	The act or time of shutting; close.	The line or place where two pieces of metal are welded together.
popular	adj	Adapted to the means of the common people; cheap.	Aimed at ordinary people, as opposed to specialists etc.; intended for general consumption.	Common among the general public; generally accepted.	Concerning the people; public.	Cultivating the favour of the common people.	Liked by many people; generally pleasing, widely admired.	Of low birth, not noble; vulgar, plebian.	Pertaining to or deriving from the people or general public.
popular	noun	A member of the Populares	A person who is popular, especially at a school.	An inexpensive newspaper with wide circulation.
history	noun	A historically significant event.	A list of past and continuing medical conditions of an individual or family.	A record of previous user events, especially of visited web pages in a browser.	A record or narrative description of past events.	A set of events involving an entity.	Shared experience or interaction.	Something that no longer exists or is no longer relevant.	The aggregate of past events.	The empirical study of past events, as distinct from literature, myth, or scripture; the assessment of notable events.	The portion of the past that is known and recorded by this field of study, as opposed to all earlier and unknown times that preceded it (prehistory).
history	verb	To narrate or record.
hardly	adv	Barely, only just, almost not.	Certainly not; not at all.	Firmly, vigorously, with strength or exertion.	Harshly, severely; in a hard manner.	With difficulty.
hardly	intj	Not really.
tie	noun	A bearing and distance between a lot corner or point and a benchmark or iron off site.	A connection between people or groups of people, especially a strong connection.	A connection between two vertices.	A curved line connecting two letters (⁀), used in the IPA to denote a coarticulation, as for example /d͡ʒ/.	A curved line connecting two notes of the same pitch denoting that they should be played as a single note with the combined length of both notes.	A horizontal wooden or concrete structural member that supports and ties together rails.	A knot of hair, as at the back of a wig.	A knot; a fastening.	A lace-up shoe.	A meeting between two players or teams in a competition.	A necktie (item of clothing consisting of a strip of cloth tied around the neck). See also bow tie, black tie.	A structural member firmly holding two pieces together.	A tiewig.	A twist tie, a piece of wire embedded in paper, strip of plastic with ratchets, or similar object which is wound around something and tightened.	An equalizer, a run, goal, point, etc which causes participants in a competition to be placed equally or have the same score(s).	One or more equal values or sets of equal values in the data set.	The situation at the end of all innings of a match where both sides have the same total of runs (different from a draw).	The situation in which two or more participants in a competition are placed equally.
tie	verb	In the Perl programming language, to extend (a variable) so that standard operations performed upon it invoke custom functionality instead.	To attach or fasten (one thing to another) by string or the like.	To believe; to credit.	To form (a knot or the like) in a string or the like.	To have the same score or position as (another) in a competition or ordering.	To have the same score or position as another in a competition or ordering.	To secure (something) by string or the like.	To twist (a string, rope, or the like) around itself securely.	To unite (musical notes) with a line or slur in the notation.
blow	verb	(of a fly) To lay eggs; to breed (in flesh or meat).	To be propelled by an air current.	To be very undesirable.	To blossom; to cause to bloom or blossom.	To blow from a gun (method of executing a person).	To breathe hard or quick; to pant; to puff.	To burst or explode; to occur suddenly	To cause the sudden destruction of.	To cause to explode, shatter, or be utterly destroyed.	To cause to make sound by blowing (as a musical instrument).	To clear of contents by forcing air through.	To create or shape by blowing.	To direct or move, usually of a person to a particular location.	To exhale visibly through the spout the seawater which it has taken in while feeding.	To expose, or inform on.	To fail at; to mess up; to make a mistake in.	To flatulate or defecate.	To force a current of air upon with the mouth, or by other means.	To inflate, as with pride; to puff up.	To leave the Church of Scientology in an unauthorized manner.	To leave, especially suddenly or in a hurry.	To make a sound as a result of being blown.	To make flyblown; to defile or spoil, especially with fly eggs.	To melt away because of overcurrent, creating a gap in a wire, thus stopping a circuit from operating.	To perform oral sex on (someone); to fellate.	To produce an air current.	To propel by an air current (or, if under water, a water current), usually with the mouth.	To put out of breath; to cause to blow from fatigue.	To recklessly squander.	To sing.	To slander, insult, critique or discredit (someone); to reprimand or scold (someone).	To spread by report; to publish; to disclose.	To suddenly fail or give way destructively.	To talk loudly; boast; brag.
blow	noun	A blowjob; fellatio.	A chance to catch one's breath.	A cut made to a sheep's fleece by a shearer using hand-shears.	A damaging occurrence.	A display of anything bright or brilliant.	A display or mass of flowers; a yield.	A state of flowering; a bloom.	A strong wind.	A sudden or forcible act or effort; an assault.	An instance of the act of striking or hitting.	An instance of using high-pressure air to empty water from the ballast tanks of a submarine, increasing the submarine's buoyancy and causing it to surface.	An outcrop of quartz from surrounding rock, thought to indicate mineral deposits below.	Cannabis.	Cocaine.	Heroin.	Synonym of button (“the punchy or suspenseful line of dialogue that concludes a scene”).
blow	intj	Used to express displeasure or frustration.
blow	adj	Blue.
shoot	verb	To act or achieve.	To begin to speak.	To carry out a seismic survey with geophones in an attempt to detect oil.	To carry out, or attempt to carry out (an approach to an airport runway).	To cause a weapon to discharge a projectile.	To change form suddenly; especially, to solidify.	To develop, move forward.	To deviate from kayfabe, either intentionally or accidentally; to actually connect with unchoreographed fighting blows and maneuvers, or speak one's mind (instead of an agreed script).	To discharge a missile; said of a weapon.	To dismiss or do away with.	To drink (a shot of an alcoholic beverage).	To ejaculate.	To feel a quick, darting pain; to throb in pain.	To film.	To fire (a projectile).	To fire (a weapon that releases a projectile).	To fire a projectile at (a person or target).	To germinate; to bud; to sprout.	To go over or pass quickly through.	To grow; to advance.	To hunt birds, etc. with a gun.	To hunt on (a piece of land); to kill game in or on.	To inject a drug (such as heroin) intravenously.	To launch a projectile.	To lunge.	To make the stated score.	To measure the distance and direction to (a point).	To move ahead by force of momentum, as a sailing vessel when the helm is put hard alee.	To move or act quickly or suddenly.	To move very quickly and suddenly.	To penetrate, like a missile; to dart with a piercing sensation.	To photograph.	To plane straight; to fit by planing.	To protrude; to jut; to project; to extend.	To push or thrust a bolt quickly; hence, to open a lock.	To push or thrust forward; to project; to protrude; often with out.	To ride a wave.	To send out or forth, especially with a rapid or sudden motion; to cast with the hand; to hurl; to discharge; to emit.	To send to someone.	To shoot the moon.	To throw dice.	To tip (something, especially coal) down a chute.	To travel or ride on (breaking waves) rowards the shore.	To variegate as if by sprinkling or intermingling; to color in spots or patches. (See shot silk on Wikipedia)
shoot	noun	A hunt or shooting competition.	A photography session.	A rush of water; a rapid.	A seismic survey carried out with geophones in an attempt to detect oil.	A shoat; a young pig.	A vein of ore running in the same general direction as the lode.	A weft thread shot through the shed by the shuttle; a pick.	An event that is unscripted or legitimate.	An inclined plane, either artificial or natural, down which timber, coal, ore, etc., are caused to slide; a chute.	The act of shooting; the discharge of a missile; a shot.	The act of taking all point cards in one hand.	The emerging stem and embryonic leaves of a new plant.
shoot	intj	A mild expletive, expressing disbelief or disdain
umbrella	noun	A cloth-covered frame used for protection against rain or sun.	A strategy in which five players in the offensive zone form an umbrella-shaped formation around the opposition's goal net.	An umbrella-shaped reflector with a white or silvery inner surface, used to diffuse a nearby light.	Anything that provides similar overarching coverage of a range of concepts, purposes, groups, etc.	Anything that provides similar protection.	The main body of a jellyfish, excluding the tentacles.
umbrella	verb	To cover or protect, as if by an umbrella.	To form the dome shape of an open umbrella.	To move like a jellyfish.
honest	adj	Accurate.	Authentic; full.	Chaste; faithful; virtuous.	Decent; honourable; suitable; becoming.	Earned or acquired in a fair manner.	In good faith; without malice.	Open; frank.	Scrupulous with regard to telling the truth; not given to swindling, lying, or fraud; upright.	True, especially as far as is known by the person making the statement; fair; unbiased.
honest	verb	To adorn or grace; to honour; to make becoming, appropriate, or honourable.
honest	adv	Honestly; really.
appreciate	verb	To be fully conscious of; understand; be aware of; detect.	To be grateful or thankful for.	To increase in value.	To view as valuable.
subject	adj	Conditional upon something; used with to.	Likely to be affected by or to experience something; liable.	Placed or situated under; lying below, or in a lower situation.	Placed under the power of another; owing allegiance to a particular sovereign or state.
subject	noun	A being that has subjective experiences, subjective consciousness, or a relationship with another entity.	A citizen in a monarchy.	A human, animal, or an inanimate object that is being examined, treated, analysed, etc; especially, one being studied in a scientific experiment, such as a clinical trial.	A particular area of study.	A person ruled over by another, especially a monarch or state authority.	By faulty generalisation from a clause's grammatical subject often being coinstantiated with one: an actor or agent; one who takes action.	That of which something is stated.	The main theme or melody, especially in a fugue.	The main topic of a paper, work of art, discussion, field of study, etc.	The noun, pronoun or noun phrase about whom the statement is made. In active clauses with verbs denoting an action, the subject is the actor. In clauses in the passive voice the subject is the target of the action.	The variable in terms of which an expression is defined.
subject	verb	To cause (someone or something) to undergo a particular experience, especially one that is unpleasant or unwanted.	To make subordinate or subservient; to subdue or enslave.
jump	verb	To attack suddenly and violently.	To bore with a jumper.	To cause oneself to leave an elevated location and fall downward.	To cause to jump.	To coincide; to agree; to accord; to tally; followed by with.	To commit suicide.	To employ a move in certain board games where one game piece is moved from one legal position to another passing over the position of another piece.	To employ a parachute to leave an aircraft or elevated location.	To engage in sexual intercourse with (a person).	To expose to danger; to risk; to hazard.	To flee; to make one's escape.	To increase sharply, to rise, to shoot up.	To increase speed aggressively and without warning.	To increase the height of a tower crane by inserting a section at the base of the tower and jacking up everything above it.	To join by a buttweld.	To jump-start a car or other vehicle with a dead battery, as with jumper cables.	To move the distance between two opposing subjects.	To move to a position (in a queue/line) that is further forward.	To pass (a traffic light) when it is indicating that one should stop.	To pass by means of a spring or leap; to overleap.	To propel oneself rapidly upward, downward and/or in any horizontal direction such that momentum causes the body to become airborne.	To react to a sudden, often unexpected, stimulus (such as a sharp prick or a loud sound) by jerking the body violently.	To shift one's position or attitude, especially suddenly and significantly.	To start executing code from a different location, rather than following the program counter.	To switch locations on chromosomes.	To thicken or enlarge by endwise blows; to upset.
jump	noun	A button (of a joypad, joystick or similar device) used to make a video game character jump (propel itself upwards).	A change of the path of execution to a different location.	A discontinuity in the graph of a function, where the function is continuous in a punctured interval of the discontinuity.	A dislocation in a stratum; a fault.	A jumping move in a board game.	A kind of loose jacket for men.	An abrupt increase in the height of the surface of a flowing liquid at the location where the flow transitions from supercritical to subcritical, involving an abrupt reduction in flow speed and increase in turbulence.	An abrupt interruption of level in a piece of brickwork or masonry.	An early start or an advantage.	An effort; an attempt; a venture.	An instance of causing oneself to fall from an elevated location.	An instance of employing a parachute to leave an aircraft or elevated location.	An instance of faster-than-light travel, not observable from ordinary space.	An instance of propelling oneself upwards.	An instance of reacting to a sudden stimulus by jerking the body.	An object which causes one to jump; a ramp.	An obstacle that forms part of a showjumping course, and that the horse has to jump over cleanly.	Clipping of jump cut.	Ellipsis of jump-start.	Synonym of one-night stand (“single evening's performance”).	The act of jumping; a leap; a spring; a bound.
jump	adv	Exactly; precisely
jump	adj	Exact; matched; fitting; precise.
borrow	verb	In a subtraction, to deduct (one) from a digit of the minuend and add ten to the following digit, in order that the subtraction of a larger digit in the subtrahend from the digit in the minuend to which ten is added gives a positive result.	To adjust one's aim in order to compensate for the slope of the green.	To adopt (an idea) as one's own.	To adopt a word from another language.	To feign or counterfeit.	To interrupt the current activity of (a person) and lead them away in order to speak with them, get their help, etc.	To lend.	To receive (something) from somebody temporarily, expecting to return it.	To receive (something, usually of trifling value) from somebody, with little possibility of returning it.	To receive money from a bank or other lender under the agreement that the lender will be paid back over time.	To secure the release of (someone) from prison.	To temporarily obtain (something) for (someone).
borrow	noun	A borrow pit.	A ransom; a pledge or guarantee.	A surety; someone standing bail.	Deviation of the path of a rolling ball from a straight line; slope; slant.	In the Rust programming language, the situation where the ownership of a value is temporarily transferred to another region of code.
support	verb	To answer questions and resolve problems regarding something sold.	To assist or be involved with, but not be responsible for.	To back or favor a cause, party, etc., mentally or with concrete aid	To be designed to provide capacity for; to work or be compatible with (a part, accessory, file type, program, algorithm, etc.).	To endure without being overcome; bear; undergo; tolerate.	To help keep from falling.	To help, particularly financially; to subsidize.	To play a lesser part in the same production with (a star performer).	To provide evidence for; to lend credibility to.	To provide sustenance or maintenance for; to sustain in integrity or livelihood.	To serve, as in a customer-oriented position; to give support to.
support	noun	A set whose elements are at least partially included in a given fuzzy set (i.e., whose grade of membership in that fuzzy set is strictly greater than zero).	An accompaniment in music.	An actor playing a subordinate part with a star.	Answers to questions and resolution of problems regarding something sold.	Clipping of support position.	Compatibility and functionality for a given product or feature.	Evidence.	Financial or other help.	Horizontal, vertical or rotational support of structures: movable, hinged, fixed.	Something which supports.	The set of all prime ideals of R such that the localization of M at the prime is nonzero, denoted operatorname SuppM	in relation to a function, the set of points where the function is not zero; the closure of that set.
kitchen	noun	A domesticated or uneducated form of a language.	A public gaming room in a casino.	A room or area for preparing food.	A utensil for roasting meat.	Anything eaten as a relish with bread, potatoes, etc.; a condiment.	Cuisine; style of cooking.	The nape of a person's hairline, often referring to its uncombed or "nappy" look.	The percussion section of an orchestra.	The region of a billiard table between the head rail and the head string.
kitchen	verb	To do kitchen work; to prepare food.	To embellish a basic food; to season, add condiments, etc.	To embellish; to dress up.
correct	adj	Free from error; true; accurate.	With good manners; well behaved; conforming with accepted standards of behaviour.
correct	adv	Correctly.
correct	intj	Used to indicate acknowledgement or acceptance.
correct	noun	A correct response.
correct	verb	To discipline; to punish.	To grade (examination papers).	To inform (someone) of their error.	To make something that was wrong become right; to remove error from.
piano	noun	A percussive keyboard musical instrument, usually ranging over seven octaves, with white and black colored keys, played by pressing these keys, causing hammers to strike strings.
piano	verb	To become softer and less intense.	To equip with a piano.	To move (the fingers) up and down on, similar to the motions of a pianist playing the piano.	To play the piano.
piano	adv	Softly, as a dynamic in a piece of music.
piano	adj	Gentle, soft, subdued.	Soft, quiet.
chair	noun	A cast-iron component used on railways to support bullhead rails and secure them to the sleepers.	A distinguished professorship at a university.	A vehicle for one person; either a sedan borne upon poles, or a two-wheeled carriage drawn by one horse; a gig.	An assigned position in a beauty salon or barbershop.	An item of furniture used to sit on or in, comprising a seat, legs or wheels, back, and sometimes arm rests, for use by one person.	Clipping of chairperson.	Ellipsis of electric chair (“device used for performing execution”).	One of two possible conformers of cyclohexane rings (the other being boat), shaped roughly like a chair.	The post or position of chairperson.	The seat or office of a person in authority, such as a judge or bishop.	The seating position of a particular musician in an orchestra.
chair	verb	To act as chairperson at; to preside over.	To award a chair to (a winning poet) at a Welsh eisteddfod.	To carry in a seated position upon one's shoulders, especially in celebration or victory.
ice	noun	A frozen dessert made of fruit juice, water and sugar.	An artifact that has been smuggled, especially one that is either clear or shiny.	An ice cream.	An individual piece of ice.	Any frozen volatile chemical, such as ammonia or carbon dioxide.	Any volatile chemical, such as water, ammonia, or carbon dioxide, not necessarily in solid form, when discussing the composition of e.g. a planet as an ice giant vs a gas giant.	Elephant or rhinoceros ivory that has been poached and sold on the black market.	Icing; frosting ("a sweet, often creamy and thick glaze made primarily of sugar").	Money paid as a bribe.	One or more diamonds.	Something having an extreme coldness of manner.	Something, such as awkwardness, that prevents open social interaction.	The area where a game of ice hockey is played.	The crystal form of amphetamine-based drugs.	Water in frozen (solid) form.
ice	verb	To become ice; to freeze.	To cool with ice, as a beverage.	To cover with icing (frosting made of sugar and milk or white of egg); to frost; as cakes, tarts, etc.	To defeat decisively.	To make icy; to freeze.	To murder.	To put out a team for a match.	To shoot the puck the length of the playing surface, causing a stoppage in play called icing.
baseball	noun	A sport common in North America, the Caribbean, and East Asia, in which the object is to strike a ball so that one of a nine-person team can run counter-clockwise among four bases, resulting in the scoring of a run. The team with the most runs after termination of play, usually nine innings, wins.	A variant of poker in which cards with baseball-related values have special significance.	The ball used to play the sport of baseball.
telephone	noun	A telecommunication device (originally mechanical, and now electronic) used for two-way talking with another person (now often shortened to phone).	Chinese whispers; a situation in which an initial message has been distorted and misunderstood by being passed from person to person.	The game of Chinese whispers.	The receiver of such a device.
telephone	verb	To (attempt to) contact someone using a telephone.	To convey (a message) via telephone.
suffer	verb	To allow.	To become worse.	To endure, undergo.	To feel pain.	To undergo hardship.
stick	noun	A board as used in board sports, such as a surfboard, snowboard, or skateboard.	A bunch of something wrapped around or attached to a stick.	A cane or walking stick (usually wooden, metal or plastic) to aid in walking.	A cigarette (usually a tobacco cigarette, less often a marijuana cigarette).	A composing stick, the tool used by compositors to assemble lines of type.	A cudgel or truncheon (usually of wood, metal or plastic), especially one carried by police or guards.	A fighter pilot.	A handgun.	A joystick.	A long thin implement used to control a ball or puck in sports like hockey, polo, and lacrosse.	A manual transmission, a vehicle equipped with a manual transmission, so called because of the stick-like, i.e. twig-like, control (the gear shift) with which the driver of such a vehicle controls its transmission.	A mast or part of a mast of a ship; also, a yard.	A measure.	A memory stick.	A negative stimulus or a punishment. (This sense derives from the metaphor of using a stick, a long piece of wood, to poke or beat a beast of burden to compel it to move forward.)	A person or group of people. (Perhaps, in some senses, because people are, broadly speaking, tall and thin, like pieces of wood.)	A piece (of furniture, especially if wooden).	A quantity of eels, usually 25.	A relatively long, thin piece of wood, of any size.	A scroll that is rolled around (mounted on, attached to) a stick.	A shill or house player.	A small group of (infantry) soldiers.	A small rectangular block, with a length several times its width, which contains by volume one half of a cup of shortening (butter, margarine or lard).	A small, thin branch from a tree or bush; a twig; a branch.	A standard rectangular strip of chewing gum.	A stick-like item:	A stiff, stupidly obstinate person.	A thin or wiry person; particularly a flat-chested woman.	A thrust with a pointed instrument; a stab.	A timber board, especially a two by four (inches).	A tool, control, or instrument shaped somewhat like a stick.	Ability; specifically:	An English Imperial unit of length equal to 2 inches.	An aircraft’s propeller.	An assistant planted in the audience.	An elongated piece of wood or similar material, typically put to some use, for example as a wand or baton.	Any of the eight 16-character groups making up the 128 characters of the 7-bit ASCII character set.	Any roughly cylindrical (or rectangular) unit of a substance.	Corporal punishment, beatings; (figurative) criticism.	Criticism or ridicule.	Encouragement or punishment, or (resulting) vigour or other improved behavior.	General hitting ability.	Material or objects attached to a stick or the like.	That which sticks (remains attached to another surface).	The amount of fishing line resting on the water surface before a cast; line stick.	The clarinet.	The control column of an aircraft; a joystick. (By convention, a wheel-like control mechanism with a handgrip on opposite sides, similar to the steering wheel of an automobile, can also be called the "stick", although "yoke" or "control wheel" is more commonly seen.)	The cue used in billiards, pool, snooker, etc.	The customary length (according to the material used) of a piece or roll of textile fabrics imported from Flanders.	The game of pool, or an individual pool game.	The long-range driving ability of a golf club.	The pole bearing a small flag that marks the hole.	The potential accuracy of a hockey stick, implicating also the player using it.	The potential hitting power of a specific bat.	The short whip carried by a jockey.	The structure to which a set of bombs in a bomber aircraft are attached and which drops the bombs when it is released. The bombs themselves and, by extension, any load of similar items dropped in quick succession such as paratroopers or containers.	The tendency to stick (remain stuck), stickiness.	The traction of tires on the road surface.	The vertical member of a cope-and-stick joint.	Use of the stick to control the aircraft.	Vehicles, collectively, equipped with manual transmissions.	Vigor; spirit; effort, energy, intensity.	Vigorous driving of a car; gas.
stick	verb	Of snow, to remain frozen on landing.	To adorn or deck with things fastened on as by piercing.	To attach with glue or as if by gluing.	To be puzzled (at something), have difficulty understanding.	To become or remain attached; to adhere.	To bring to a halt; to stymie; to puzzle.	To cause difficulties, scruples, or hesitation.	To compose; to set, or arrange, in a composing stick.	To cut a piece of wood to be the stick member of a cope-and-stick joint.	To fix on a pointed instrument; to impale.	To furnish or set with sticks.	To have sexual intercourse with.	To hesitate, to be reluctant; to refuse (in negative phrases).	To hit with a stick.	To impose upon; to compel to pay; sometimes, to cheat.	To jam; to stop moving.	To perform (a landing or a shot) perfectly.	To persist.	To place, set down (quickly or carelessly).	To press (something with a sharp point) into something else.	To propagate plants by cuttings.	To remain loyal; to remain firm.	To run or plane (mouldings) in a machine, in contradistinction to working them by hand. Such mouldings are said to be stuck.	To stab.	To stand pat: to cease taking any more cards and finalize one's hand.	To tolerate, to endure, to stick with.
stick	adj	Likely to stick; sticking, sticky.
patient	adj	Constant in pursuit or exertion; persevering; calmly diligent.	Physically able to suffer or bear.	Willing to wait if necessary; not losing one's temper while waiting.
patient	noun	A person or animal that receives health care from a doctor, nurse, dentist, allied health practitioner, or other person educated in health care.	One who, or that which, is passively affected; a passive recipient.	The noun or noun phrase that is semantically on the receiving end of a verb's action.
gift	noun	A talent or natural ability.	Something gained incidentally, without effort.	Something given to another voluntarily, without charge.	The act, right, or power of giving or bestowing.
gift	verb	To give as a gift or donation.	To give away, to concede easily.
risk	noun	A borrower (such as a mortgage-holder or person with a credit card).	A financial product (typically an investment).	A possible adverse event or outcome.	A thing (from the perspective of how likely or unlikely it is to cause an adverse effect).	A type of adverse event covered under an insurance policy.	An entity insured by an insurer.	The magnitude of possible loss consequent to a decision or event.	The potential negative effect of an event, determined by multiplying the likelihood of the event occurring with its magnitude should it occur.	The probability of a negative outcome to a decision or event.
risk	verb	To incur risk as a result of (doing something).	To incur risk of (an unwanted or negative outcome).	To incur risk of harming or jeopardizing.
fool	noun	A jester; a person whose role was to entertain a sovereign and the court (or lower personages).	A particular card in a tarot deck, representing a jester.	A person with poor judgment or little intelligence.	A stock character typified by unintelligence, naïveté or lucklessness, usually as a form of comic relief; often used as a source of insight or pathos for the audience, as such characters are generally less bound by social expectations.	A type of dessert made of puréed fruit and custard or cream.	An informal greeting akin to buddy, dude, or man.	Someone who derives pleasure from something specified.	Someone who has been made a fool of or tricked; dupe.
fool	verb	To act in an idiotic manner; to act foolishly.	To make a fool of; to make act the fool.	To trick; to deceive.
fool	adj	Foolish.
sport	noun	A friend or acquaintance (chiefly used when speaking to the friend in question)	A person who exhibits either good or bad sportsmanship.	A plant or an animal, or part of a plant or animal, which has some peculiarity not usually seen in the species; an abnormal variety or growth. The term encompasses both mutants and organisms with non-genetic developmental abnormalities such as birth defects.	A sportsman; a gambler.	A toy; a plaything; an object of mockery.	An amorous dalliance.	Any activity that uses physical exertion or skills competitively under a set of rules that is not based on aesthetics.	Gaming for money as in racing, hunting, or fishing.	Mockery, making fun; derision.	One who consorts with disreputable people, including prostitutes.	Play; idle jingle.	Somebody who behaves or reacts in an admirably good-natured manner, e.g. to being teased or to losing a game; a good sport.	Something fun, pastime; amusement.	Term of endearment used by an adult for a child, usually a boy.
sport	verb	To amuse oneself, to play.	To assume suddenly a new and different character from the rest of the plant or from the type of the species; said of a bud, shoot, plant, or animal.	To close (a door).	To display; to have as a notable feature.	To divert; to amuse; to make merry.	To mock or tease, treat lightly, toy with.	To practise the diversions of the field or the turf; to be given to betting, as upon races.	To represent by any kind of play.
Unite		
view	noun	A mental image.	A picture, drawn or painted; a sketch.	A point of view.	A virtual or logical table composed of the result set of a query in relational databases.	A wake.	A way of understanding something, an opinion, a theory.	An individual viewing of a web page or a video etc. by a user.	An intention or prospect.	An opinion, judgement, imagination, idea or belief.	Appearance; show; aspect.	Something to look at, such as scenery.	The act of seeing or looking at something.	The part of a computer program which is visible to the user and can be interacted with	The range of vision.	Visual perception.
view	verb	To look at.	To regard in a stated way.
art	noun	(often in dichotomy with science) A subject understood best through intuition rather than methodology.	A field or category of art, such as painting, sculpture, music, ballet, or literature.	Aesthetic value.	Artwork.	Contrivance, scheming, manipulation.	Skill that is attained by study, practice, or observation.	Skillful creative activity, usually with an aesthetic focus.	The conscious production or arrangement of sounds, colours, forms, movements, or other elements in a manner that affects the senses and emotions, usually specifically the production of the beautiful in a graphic or plastic medium.	The creative and emotional expression of mental imagery, such as visual, auditory, social, etc.	The study and the product of these processes.
art	verb	second-person singular simple present indicative of be
knife	noun	A utensil or a tool designed for cutting, consisting of a flat piece of hard material, usually steel or other metal (the blade), usually sharpened on one edge, attached to a handle. The blade may be pointed for piercing.	A weapon designed with the aforementioned specifications intended for slashing or stabbing but too short to be called a sword; a dagger.	Any blade-like part in a tool or a machine designed for cutting, such as that of a chipper.
knife	verb	To betray, especially in the context of a political slate.	To cut through as if with a knife.	To cut with a knife.	To positively ignore, especially in order to denigrate; compare cut.	To use a knife to injure or kill by stabbing, slashing, or otherwise using the sharp edge of the knife as a weapon.
control	verb	(construed with for) To design (an experiment) so that the effects of one or more variables are reduced or eliminated.	To call to account, to take to task, to challenge.	To exercise influence over; to suggest or dictate the behavior of.	To hold in check, to curb, to restrain.	To verify the accuracy of (something or someone, especially a financial account) by comparison with another account.
control	noun	A checkpoint along an audax route.	A construction in which the understood subject of a given predicate is determined by an expression in context. See control.	A control group or control experiment.	A duplicate book, register, or account, kept to correct or check another account or register.	A means of monitoring for, and triggering intervention in, activities that are not going according to plan.	A security mechanism, policy, or procedure that can counter system attack, reduce risks, and resolve vulnerabilities; a safeguard or countermeasure.	A spirit that takes possession of a psychic or medium and allows other spirits to communicate with the living.	An influence or authority over something.	An interface element that a computer user interacts with, such as a window or a text box.	Any of the physical factors determining the climate of a place, such as latitude, distribution of land and water, altitude, exposure, prevailing winds, permanent high- or low-barometric-pressure areas, ocean currents, mountain barriers, soil, and vegetation.	Restraint or ability to contain one's movements or emotions, or self-control.	The method and means of governing the performance of any apparatus, machine or system, such as a lever, handle or button.
list	noun	A boundary or limit; a border.	A careening or tilting to one side, usually not intentionally or under a vessel's own power.	A codified representation of a list used to store data or in processing; especially, in the Lisp programming language, a data structure consisting of a sequence of zero or more items.	A little square moulding; a fillet or listel.	A narrow strip of wood, especially sapwood, cut from the edge of a board or plank.	A piece of woollen cloth with which the yarns are grasped by a worker.	A register or roll of paper consisting of a compilation or enumeration of a set of possible items; the compilation or enumeration itself.	A strip of fabric, especially from the edge of a piece of cloth.	A stripe.	A tilt to a building.	Art; craft; cunning; skill.	Desire, inclination.	Material used for cloth selvage.	The barriers or palisades used to fence off a space for jousting or tilting tournaments.	The first thin coating of tin; a wire-like rim of tin left on an edge of the plate after it is coated.	The scene of a military contest; the ground or field of combat; an enclosed space that serves as a battlefield; the site of a pitched battle.
list	verb	To be pleasing to.	To cause (something) to tilt to one side.	To cover with list, or with strips of cloth; to put list on; to stripe as if with list.	To create or recite a list.	To cut away a narrow strip, as of sapwood, from the edge of.	To desire, like, or wish (to do something).	To enclose (a field, etc.) for combat.	To engage a soldier, etc.; to enlist.	To engage in public service by enrolling one's name; to enlist.	To give a building of architectural or historical interest listed status; see also the adjective listed.	To listen to.	To listen.	To place in listings.	To plough and plant with a lister.	To prepare (land) for a cotton crop by making alternating beds and alleys with a hoe.	To sew together, as strips of cloth, so as to make a show of colours, or to form a border.	To tilt to one side.	To trade on a particular stock exchange.
230		
project	noun	A planned endeavor, usually with a specific goal and accomplished in several steps or stages.	A projectile.	A projection.	A raw recruit who the team hopes will improve greatly with coaching; a long shot, diamond in the rough.	An idle scheme; an impracticable design.	An urban, low-income housing building.
project	verb	(of a neuron or group of neurons) to have axon(s) extending to and therefore able to influence a remote location	To assume qualities or mindsets in others based on one's own personality.	To cast (an image or shadow) upon a surface; to throw or cast forward; to shoot forth.	To cause (one's voice or words) to be heard at a great distance.	To change the projection (or coordinate system) of spatial data with another projection.	To draw straight lines from a fixed point through every point of any body or figure, and let these fall upon a surface so as to form the points of a new figure.	To extend (a protrusion or appendage) outward.	To extend beyond a surface.	To make plans for; to forecast.	To present (oneself), to convey a certain impression, usually in a good way.	To speak or sing in such a way that one can be heard at a great distance.
bill	noun	A beaklike projection, especially a promontory.	A cutting instrument, with hook-shaped point, and fitted with a handle, used in pruning, etc.; a billhook.	A declaration made in writing, stating some wrong the complainant has suffered from the defendant, or a fault committed by some person against a law.	A document, originally sealed; a formal statement or official memorandum. (Now obsolete except with certain qualifying words; bill of health, bill of sale etc.)	A draft of a law, presented to a legislature for enactment; a proposed or projected law.	A list of pupils to be disciplined for breaking school rules.	A paper, written or printed, and posted up or given away, to advertise something, as a lecture, a play, or the sale of goods	A pickaxe or mattock.	A piece of paper money; a banknote.	A set of items presented together.	A writing that binds the signer or signers to pay a certain sum at a future day or on demand, with or without interest, as may be stated in the document; a bill of exchange. In the United States, it is usually called a note, a note of hand, or a promissory note.	A written list or inventory. (Now obsolete except in specific senses or set phrases; bill of lading, bill of goods, etc.)	A written note of goods sold, services rendered, or work done, with the price or charge; an invoice.	Any of various bladed or pointed hand weapons, originally designating an Anglo-Saxon sword, and later a weapon of infantry, especially in the 14th and 15th centuries, commonly consisting of a broad, heavy, double-edged, hook-shaped blade, with a short pike at the back and another at the top, attached to the end of a long staff.	Of a cap or hat: the brim or peak, serving as a shade to keep sun off the face and out of the eyes.	One hundred dollars.	One hundred pounds sterling.	Somebody armed with a bill; a billman.	The beak of a bird, especially when small or flattish; sometimes also used with reference to a platypus, turtle, or other animal.	The bell, or boom, of the bittern.	The extremity of the arm of an anchor; the point of or beyond the fluke (also called the peak).
bill	verb	To advertise by a bill or public notice.	To charge; to send a bill to.	To dig, chop, etc., with a bill.	To roll up a marijuana cigarette.	to peck	to stroke bill against bill, with reference to doves; to caress in fondness
rise	verb	Of a quantity, price, etc., to increase.	To appear to move upwards from behind the horizon of a planet as a result of the planet's rotation.	To ascend on a musical scale; to take a higher pitch.	To attain a higher status.	To be lifted, or capable of being lifted, from the imposing stone without dropping any of the type; said of a form.	To be resurrected.	To become active, effective or operational, especially in response to an external or internal stimulus.	To become agitated, opposed, or hostile; to go to war; to take up arms; to rebel.	To become erect; to assume an upright position.	To become more and more dignified or forcible; to increase in interest or power; said of style, thought, or discourse.	To become perceptible to the senses (other than sight).	To begin, to develop; to be initiated.	To cause to go up or ascend.	To come to mind; to be suggested; to occur.	To come; to offer itself.	To develop, to come about or intensify.	To go up; to ascend; to climb.	To grow upward; to attain a certain height.	To have its source (in a particular place).	To increase in value or standing.	To leave one's bed; to get up.	To move upwards.	To move, or appear to move, physically upwards relative to the ground.	To retire; to give up a siege.	To slope upward.	To swell or puff up in the process of fermentation; to become light.	To terminate an official sitting; to adjourn.
rise	noun	A small hill; used chiefly in place names.	A very noticeable visible or audible reaction of a person or group.	Alternative form of rice (“twig”).	An area of terrain that tends upward away from the viewer, such that it conceals the region behind it; a slope.	An increase in a quantity, price, etc.	Ellipsis of pay rise (“an increase in wage or salary”).	The amount of material extending from waist to crotch in a pair of trousers or shorts.	The front of a diaper.	The height of an arch or a step.	The process of or an action or instance of coming to prominence.	The process of or an action or instance of moving upwards or becoming greater.
common	adj	Arising from use or tradition, as opposed to being created by a legislative body.	As part of the vernacular name of a species, usually denoting that it is abundant or widely known.	Found in large numbers or in a large quantity; usual.	Given to lewd habits; prostitute.	Mutual; shared by more than one.	Occurring or happening regularly or frequently; usual.	Of a quality: existing among virtually all people; universal.	Of or pertaining to common nouns as opposed to proper nouns.	Of, pertaining or belonging to the common gender.	Profane; polluted.	Simple, ordinary or vulgar.	Vernacular, referring to the name of a kind of plant or animal.
common	noun	A tract of land in common ownership; common land.	Mutual good, shared by more than one.	The people; the community.	The right of taking a profit in the land of another, in common either with the owner or with other persons; so called from the community of interest which arises between the claimant of the right and the owner of the soil, or between the claimants and other commoners entitled to the same right.
common	verb	To board together; to eat at a table in common.	To communicate (something).	To converse, talk.	To have a joint right with others in common ground.	To have sex.	To participate.
among	prep	Denotes a belonging of a person or a thing to a group.	Denotes a mingling or intermixing with distinct or separable objects. (See Usage Note at amidst.)	Denotes a sharing of a common feature in a group.
camera	noun	2013 July-August, Fenella Saunders, “Tiny Lenses See the Big Picture”, in American Scientist	2013 July-August, Fenella Saunders, “Tiny Lenses See the Big Picture”, in American Scientist:
The single-imaging optic of the mammalian eye offers some distinct visual advantages. Such lenses can take in photons from a wide range of angles, increasing light sensitivity. They also have high spatial resolution, resolving incoming images in minute detail. It’s therefore not surprising that most cameras mimic this arrangement.	2024 October 5, Jessie Yeung, “Hong Kong plans to install thousands of surveillance cameras. Critics say it’s more proof the city is moving closer to China”, in CNN	2024 October 5, Jessie Yeung, “Hong Kong plans to install thousands of surveillance cameras. Critics say it’s more proof the city is moving closer to China”, in CNN:
Glance up while strolling through parts of downtown Hong Kong and, chances are, you’ll notice the glassy black lens of a surveillance camera trained on the city’s crowded streets.
And that sight will become more common in the coming years, as the city’s police pursue an ambitious campaign to install thousands of cameras to elevate their surveillance capabilities.	A judge's private chamber, where cases may be heard in camera.	A vaulted room.	And that sight will become more common in the coming years, as the city’s police pursue an ambitious campaign to install thousands of cameras to elevate their surveillance capabilities.	Example: He used his camera to click photos of the bears in the zoo.	Glance up while strolling through parts of downtown Hong Kong and, chances are, you’ll notice the glassy black lens of a surveillance camera trained on the city’s crowded streets.	The single-imaging optic of the mammalian eye offers some distinct visual advantages. Such lenses can take in photons from a wide range of angles, increasing light sensitivity. They also have high spatial resolution, resolving incoming images in minute detail. It’s therefore not surprising that most cameras mimic this arrangement.	The viewpoint in a three-dimensional game or simulation.
mad	adj	Abnormally ferocious or furious; or, rabid, affected with rabies.	Angry, annoyed.	Bizarre; incredible.	Extremely enthusiastic about; crazy about; infatuated with; overcome with desire for.	Extremely foolish or unwise; irrational; imprudent.	Having impaired polarity.	Insane; crazy, mentally deranged.	Intensifier, signifying abundance or high quality of a thing; very, much or many.	Used litotically to indicate satisfaction or approval.	Wildly confused or excited.
mad	adv	Intensifier; to a large degree; extremely; exceedingly; very; unbelievably.
mad	verb	To be or become mad.	To madden, to anger, to frustrate.
spring	verb	Alternative form of sprain.	Alternative form of strain.	To act as a spring: to strongly rebound.	To appear.	To arise, to come into existence.	To be born, descend, or originate from	To be free of imprisonment, especially by illegal escape.	To begin.	To breed with, to impregnate.	To build, to form the initial curve of.	To burst into pieces, to explode, to shatter.	To catch in an illegal act or compromising position.	To cause to spring (all senses).	To cause to work or open by sudden application of pressure.	To come upon and flush out.	To crack.	To deform owing to excessive pressure, to become warped; to intentionally deform in order to position and then straighten in place.	To enliven.	To equip with springs, especially (of vehicles) to equip with a suspension.	To extend, to curve.	To find or get enough food during springtime.	To free from imprisonment, especially by facilitating an illegal escape.	To go off.	To grow, to sprout.	To leap over.	To mature.	To move or burst forth.	To move with great speed and energy.	To pay or spend a certain sum, to yield.	To put bad money into circulation.	To raise an offered price.	To rise in social position or military rank, to be promoted.	To sound, to play.	To spend the springtime somewhere.	To swell with milk or pregnancy.	To tell, to share.	To turn a vessel using a spring attached to its anchor cable.	To wet, to moisten.	to inspire, to motivate.
spring	noun	A cause, a motive, etc.	A crack which has sprung up in a mast, spar, or (rare) a plank or seam.	A grove of trees; a forest.	A line from a vessel's end or side to its anchor cable used to diminish or control its movement.	A line laid out from a vessel's end to the opposite end of an adjacent vessel or mooring to diminish or control its movement.	A lively piece of music.	A race, a lineage.	A shoot, a young tree.	A spray or body of water springing from the ground.	A youth.	An act of springing: a leap, a jump.	An elastic mechanical part or device in any shape (e.g., flat, curved, coiled), made of flexible material (usually spring steel) that exerts force and attempts to spring back when bent, compressed, or stretched.	An erection of the penis.	Elastic energy, power, or force.	Elasticity: the property of a body springing back to its original form after compression, stretching, etc.	Ellipsis of spring tide, the especially high tide shortly after full and new moons.	Someone with ivory or peach skin tone and eyes and hair that are not extremely dark, seen as best suited to certain colors of clothing.	Something which causes others or another to spring forth or spring into action, particularly	Something which springs, springs forth, springs up, or springs back, particularly	Springiness: an attribute or quality of springing, springing up, or springing back, particularly	The period from the moment of vernal equinox (around March 21 in the Northern Hemisphere) to the moment of the summer solstice (around June 21); the equivalent periods reckoned in other cultures and calendars.	The rising of the sea at high tide.	The season of the year in temperate regions in which temperatures and daylight hours rise, and plants spring from the ground and into bloom and dormant animals spring to life.	The source from which an action or supply of something springs.	The three months of March, April, and May in the Northern Hemisphere and September, October, and November in the Southern Hemisphere.	The time of something's growth; the early stages of some process.	a period of political liberalization and democratization
practice	noun	A customary action, habit, or behaviour; a manner or routine.	A place where a professional service is provided, such as a general practice.	Actual operation or experiment, in contrast to theory.	An easy and concise method of applying the rules of arithmetic to questions which occur in trade and business.	An organized event for the purpose of performing such repetition.	Repetition of an activity to improve a skill.	Skilful or artful management; dexterity in contrivance or the use of means; stratagem; artifice.	The form, manner, and order of conducting and carrying on suits and prosecutions through their various stages, according to the principles of law and the rules laid down by the courts.	The observance of religious duties that a church requires of its members.	The ongoing pursuit of a craft or profession, particularly in medicine or the fine arts.
practice	verb	Alternative spelling of practise.
shirt	noun	A member of the shirt-wearing team in a shirts and skins game.	An article of clothing that is worn on the upper part of the body, and often has sleeves, either long or short, that cover the arms.	An interior lining in a blast furnace.
shirt	verb	To cover or clothe with a shirt, or as if with a shirt.
share	noun	A configuration enabling a resource to be shared over a network.	A financial instrument that shows that one owns a part of a company that provides the benefit of limited liability.	A portion of something, especially a portion given or allotted to someone.	The action of sharing something with other people via social media.	The cutting blade of an agricultural machine like a plough, a cultivator or a seeding-machine.	The sharebone or pubis.
share	verb	To allow public or private sharing of computer data or space in a network	To cut; to shear; to cleave; to divide.	To divide and distribute.	To give part of what one has to somebody else to use or consume.	To have or use in common.	To tell to another.
alive	adj	Aware of; sensitive to.	Busy with activity of many living beings; swarming; thronged; busy.	Carrying electrical current; energized.	Having life; living; not dead.	In a state of action; in force or operation; existent.	Out of all living creatures.	Sprightly; lively; brisk.	Susceptible, sensitive; easy to impress; having keen feelings, as opposed to apathy.	Synonym of live.
player	noun	A gambler.	A gamer; a person of video games or similar.	A mechanism that actuates a player piano or other automatic musical instrument.	A participant; one involved in something.	A person who plays the field rather than having a long-term sexual relationship.	A software application that plays audio or video media, such as a media player.	An actor in a dramatic play.	An electronic device that plays audio or video media.	One that plays.	One who is playful; one without serious aims; an idler; a trifler.	One who participates in a particular type of sexual play.	One who plays any game or sport.	One who plays on a musical instrument.
area	noun	A measure of the extent of a surface; it is measured in square units.	A particular geographic region.	An open space, below ground level, giving access to the basement of a house, and typically separated from the pavement by railings.	Any particular extent of surface, especially an empty or unused extent.	Genitals.	Penalty box; penalty area.	The extent, scope, or range of an object or concept.
ball	noun	A competitive event among young African-American and Latin American LGBTQ+ people in which prizes are awarded for drag and similar performances. See ball culture.	A formal dance.	A jacketed non-expanding bullet, typically of military origin.	A large pill, a form in which medicine was given to horses; a bolus.	A leather-covered cushion, fastened to a handle called a ballstock; formerly used by printers for inking the form, then superseded by the roller.	A pitch that falls outside of the strike zone.	A quantity of string, thread, etc., wound into a spherical shape.	A roundish, protuberant portion of some part of the body.	A single delivery by the bowler, six of which make up an over.	A solid or hollow sphere, or roughly spherical mass.	A solid, spherical nonexplosive missile for a cannon, rifle, gun, etc.	A testicle.	A very enjoyable time.	An object that is the focus of many sports and games, in which it may be thrown, caught, kicked, bounced, rolled, chased, retrieved, hit with an instrument, spun, etc., usually roughly spherical or ovoid but whose size, weight, bounciness, colour, etc. differ according to the game	An opportunity to launch the pinball into play.	Any sport or game involving a ball; its play, literally or figuratively.	Courage.	Homologue or analogue of a disk in the Euclidean plane.	In 3-dimensional Euclidean space, the volume bounded by a sphere.	Nonsense.	One thousand US dollars.	Such bullets collectively.	The front of the bottom of the foot, just behind the toes.	The globe; the earthly sphere.	The set of points in a metric space of any number of dimensions lying within a given distance (the radius) of a given point.	The set of points in a topological space lying within some open set containing a given point.	a kick (or hit in e.g. field hockey) of the ball towards where one or more teammates is expected to be. (Distinguished from a pass by a longer distance travelled or less specific target point.)
ball	verb	Of bees: to kill (a wasp) by surrounding it in large numbers so as to raise its body heat.	To be hip or cool.	To form or wind into a ball.	To gather balls which cling to the feet or skis, as of damp snow or clay; to gather into balls.	To have sexual intercourse with.	To heat in a furnace and form into balls for rolling.	To operate (a vehicle) at high speed (whether balls-out, balls to the wall, or ballin' the jack, each of which comes ultimately from ball via a different route).	To play basketball.	To punish by affixing a ball and chain.	To reject from a fraternity or sorority. (Ellipsis of blackball).
ball	intj	An appeal by the crowd for holding the ball against a tackled player.	An exclamation to inform players on an adjacent playing area that a loose ball from another game has entered their playing area; typically implies that play should be paused until the ball has been retrieved.
member	noun	A file stored within an archive file.	A function or piece of data associated with each separate instance of a class.	A part of a discourse or of a period, sentence, or verse; a clause.	A part of a whole.	An element of a set.	Either of the two parts of an algebraic equation, connected by the equality sign.	One of the propositions making up a syllogism.	One who belongs to a group.	Part of an animal capable of performing a distinct office; an organ; a limb.	The penis.	friend	the judge or adjudicator in a consumer court.
member	verb	Pronunciation spelling of remember.
Germany	name	A country in Central Europe, formed in 1949 as West Germany, with its provisional capital Bonn until 1990, when it incorporated East Germany. Official name: Federal Republic of Germany. Capital and largest city: Berlin.	A male given name.	A nation or civilization occupying the country around the Rhine, Elbe, and upper Danube Rivers in Central Europe, taken as a whole under its various governments.	A nominal medieval kingdom forming part of the Carolingian and Holy Roman Empires; (metonymic, now uncommon) the Holy Roman Empire in its entirety; (metonymic, obsolete) the Austrian Habsburg empire in its entirety.	A republic formed in 1918 with its capital at Berlin, inclusive of the Nazi regime who controlled it after 1933.	A surname.	A township in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States.	An empire formed by Prussia in 1871 with its capital at Berlin.	An unincorporated community in Clark County, Indiana, United States.	An unincorporated community in Houston County, Texas, United States.	The German Sprachraum; the countries and territories within Europe where German is or was the primary language.	The principal state in this country, including	The socialist republic formed in 1949 with its capital at Berlin, more often known in English as East Germany.	The various states in this country either over time or during periods of disunity and division, sometimes (inexact) inclusive of the Holy Roman Empire and Austria-Hungary's other holdings.
London	name	A census-designated place in Tulare County, California, with a population of approximately 1,800.	A city in southwestern Ontario, Canada, with a population of approximately 300,000.	A city, the county seat of Laurel County, Kentucky, with a population of approximately 8,000.	A city, the county seat of Madison County, Ohio, with a population of approximately 9,000.	A former administrative county of England, created in 1889 from parts of Kent, Middlesex and Surrey, and merged into Greater London in 1965.	A habitational surname for someone from London.	A small agricultural village in the commune of Savigny-sur-Seille, Saône-et-Loire department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, France.	A small city in Pope County, Arkansas, with a population of approximately 900.	A township and unincorporated community therein, in Freeborn County, Minnesota.	A township and unincorporated community therein, in Monroe County, Michigan.	A unisex given name transferred from the place name.	A village in Kiritimati atoll, Kiribati.	An unincorporated community in Dane County and Jefferson County, Wisconsin.	An unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Kimble County, Texas, with a population of approximately 180.	An unincorporated community in Moral Township, Shelby County, Indiana.	An urban neighborhood of the city of Belgrade, Serbia.	Several places in the United States:	The capital city of the United Kingdom; the capital city of England, within Greater London. Situated on the tidal River Thames in southeast England, with a metropolitan population of more than 13,000,000.	The government of the United Kingdom, otherwise known as Westminster.
lock	noun	A device for keeping a wheel from turning.	A fastening together or interlacing; a closing of one thing upon another; a state of being fixed or immovable.	A grapple in wrestling.	A mutex or other token restricting access to a resource.	A place impossible to get out of, as by a lock.	A player in the scrum behind the front row, usually the tallest members of the team.	A quantity of meal, the perquisite of a mill-servant.	A segment of a canal or other waterway enclosed by gates, used for raising and lowering boats between levels.	A small quantity of straw etc.	A tuft or length of hair, wool, etc.	Complete control over a situation.	Something sure to be a success.	Something used for fastening, which can only be opened with a key or combination.	Synonym of Dutch book.	The firing mechanism.
lock	verb	To be capable of becoming fastened in place.	To become fastened in place.	To fasten with a lock.	To freeze one's body or a part thereof in place.	To furnish (a canal) with locks.	To intertwine or dovetail.	To modify (a thread) so that users cannot make new posts in it.	To play in the position of lock.	To prevent a page from being edited by other users.	To raise or lower (a boat) in a lock.	To seize (e.g. the sword arm of an antagonist) by turning one's left arm around it, to disarm them.
advise	verb	To consider, to deliberate.	To consult (with).	To deliver judgment after a case has been reserved for further consideration.	To formally give information or notice to; to inform or counsel.	To give advice to; to offer an opinion to, as worthy or expedient to be followed.	To look at, watch; to see.	To recommend; to offer as advice.
advise	noun	Misspelling of advice.
above	prep	Beyond; on the other side.	Farther north than.	Higher in rank, status, or position.	Higher than; superior to in any respect; surpassing; higher in measure, degree, volume, or pitch, etc. than; out of reach; not exposed to; not likely to be affected by; incapable of negative actions or thoughts.	In addition to; besides.	In or to a higher place; higher than; on or over the upper surface.	In preference to.	Physically over; on top of; worn on top of, said of clothing.	Rising; appearing out of reach height-wise.	Surpassing in number or quantity; more than.	Too proud to stoop to; averse to; disinclined towards;	Upstage of.
above	adv	Above zero; above freezing.	Directly overhead; vertically on top of.	Higher in rank, power, or position.	Higher in the same page; earlier in the order as far as writing products go.	In a higher place; upstairs; farther upstream.	In addition.	Into or from heaven; in the sky.	More in number.	On the upper half or the dorsal surface of an animal.
above	adj	Being located higher on the same page or on a preceding page.	Of heaven; heavenly.
above	noun	Heaven.	Higher authority.	Something, especially a person's name in legal documents, that appears higher on the same page or on a preceding page.	betterment, raised status or condition.
somewhere	adv	At some unspecified point.	In an uncertain or unspecified location.	To an uncertain or unspecified location.
somewhere	noun	A person with strong cultural or social ties to a specific place.	Unspecified or unknown (unlocated) place or location.
system	noun	A comprehensive and logically organized set of propositions or philosophical beliefs.	A group or set of related things that operate together as a complex whole.	A method or way of organizing or planning.	A set of alters of a person, or the multiple (“an individual with multiple personalities”) who contains them.	A set of body organs having a particular function.	A set of equations involving the same variables, which are to be solved simultaneously.	A set of hardware and software operating in a computer.	A set of rules for a tabletop roleplaying game.	A set of staves linked by a brace that indicate instruments or sounds that are to be played simultaneously.	A socioeconomic formation.	A system in which two or more objects are bound to each other by gravity.	The mainstream culture, controlled by the elites or government of a state, or a combination of them, seen as oppressive to the individual.
upon	prep	A higher-register or more formal alternative to on in most, though not all, prepositional uses.
treat	verb	To care for medicinally or surgically; to apply medical care to.	To commit the offence of providing food, drink, entertainment or provision to corruptly influence a voter.	To discourse on; to represent or deal with in a particular way, in writing or speaking.	To discourse; to handle a subject in writing or speaking; to conduct a discussion.	To entertain with food or drink, especially at one's own expense; to show hospitality to; to pay for as celebration or reward.	To entreat or beseech (someone).	To handle, deal with or behave towards in a specific way.	To negotiate, discuss terms, bargain (for or with).	To provide something special and pleasant.	To subject to a chemical or other action; to act upon with a specific scientific result in mind.
treat	noun	A parley or discussion of terms; a negotiation.	A snack food item designed to be given to pets.	An entertainment, outing, food, drink, or other indulgence provided by someone for the enjoyment of others.	An entreaty.	An unexpected gift, event etc., which provides great pleasure.
seven	num	A numerical value equal to 7; the number following six and preceding eight. This many dots: (•••••••). Describing a group or set with seven elements.
seven	noun	A card bearing seven pips.	The digit/figure 7 or an occurrence thereof.
suddenly	adv	Happening quickly and with little or no warning; in a sudden manner.
gun	noun	A cannon with a 6-inch/155mm minimum nominal bore diameter and tube length 30 calibers or more. See also: howitzer; mortar.	A cannon with relatively long barrel, operating with relatively low angle of fire, and having a high muzzle velocity.	A device for projecting a hard object very forcefully; a firearm or cannon.	A device operated by a trigger and acting in a manner similar to a firearm.	A device or tool that applies something rather than projecting it.	A device or tool that projects a substance.	A firearm or cannon used for saluting or signalling.^(21-gun salute)	A less portable, long firearm that fires bullets or projectiles; a rifle, either manual, automatic or semi-automatic; a flintlock, musket or shotgun.	A long surfboard designed for surfing big waves (not the same as a longboard, a gun has a pointed nose and is generally a little narrower).	A magsman or street thief.	A pattern that "fires" out other patterns.	A person who carries or uses a gun (rifle, shotgun or handgun), particuarly with reference to how quickly the person can draw and fire the gun.	A very portable, short firearm, for hand use, which fires bullets or projectiles, such as a handgun, revolver, pistol, or Derringer.	An electron gun.	Any implement designed to fire a projectile from a tube.	Someone excellent, surpassingly wonderful, or cool.	The biceps.	Violent blasts of wind.
gun	verb	(gunning for something or gunning to do something) make a great effort.	Nonstandard spelling of going to.	Synonym of gun down (“to masturbate while making sustained eye contact with someone — typically a female prison officer — as a form of intimidation”).	To cause to speed up.	To offer vigorous support to (a person or cause).	To practice fowling or hunting small game; chiefly in participial form: to go gunning.	To seek to attack someone; to take aim at someone; used with for.
escape	verb	To avoid (any unpleasant person or thing); to elude, get away from.	To avoid capture; to get away with something, avoid punishment.	To cause (a single character, or all such characters in a string) to be interpreted literally, instead of with any special meaning it would usually have in the same context, often by prefixing with another character.	To elude the observation or notice of; to not be seen or remembered by.	To get free; to free oneself.	To halt a program or command by pressing a key (such as the "Esc" key) or combination of keys.
escape	noun	A cultivated plant found growing as though wild, dispersed by some agency.	A defective product that is allowed to leave a manufacturing facility.	A holiday, viewed as time away from the vicissitudes of life.	A sally.	A successful shot from a snooker position.	An apophyge.	Leakage or outflow, as of steam or a liquid, or an electric current through defective insulation.	Something that has escaped; an escapee.	That which escapes attention or restraint; a mistake, oversight, or transgression.	The act of leaving a dangerous or unpleasant situation.	The text character represented by 27 (decimal) or 1B (hexadecimal).	escape key
regret	verb	To feel sorry about (a thing that has or has not happened), afterthink: to wish that a thing had not happened, that something else had happened instead.	To feel sorry about (any thing).	To miss; to feel the loss or absence of; to mourn.
regret	noun	A person invited to an event who was unable to attend, but notified the organizer of this beforehand; a nonattendee.	Dislike; aversion.	Emotional pain on account of something done or experienced in the past, with a wish that it had been different; a looking back with dissatisfaction or with longing.	The amount of avoidable loss that results from choosing the wrong action.
interest	noun	A genre of factual short films, generally more amusing than informative, especially those not covered by a more specific genre label.	A great attention and concern from someone or something; intellectual curiosity.	An involvement, claim, right, share, stake in or link with a financial, business, or other undertaking or endeavor.	Any excess over and above an exact equivalent	Attention that is given to or received from someone or something.	Condition or quality of exciting concern or being of importance.	Injury, or compensation for injury; damages.	Something which, or someone whom, one is interested in.	The persons and companies interested in any particular business or measure, taken collectively.	The price paid for obtaining, or price received for providing, money or goods in a credit transaction, calculated as a fraction of the amount or value of what was borrowed.
interest	verb	To be concerned with or engaged in; to affect; to concern; to excite.	To cause or permit to share.	To engage the attention of; to awaken interest in; to excite emotion or passion in, in behalf of a person or thing.
beach	noun	A dry, dusty pitch or situation, as though playing on sand.	A horizontal strip of land, usually sandy, adjoining water.	Euphemistic form of bitch (taboo swear word).	Synonym of gravel trap.	The loose pebbles of the seashore, especially worn by waves; shingle.	The shore of a body of water, especially when sandy or pebbly.
beach	verb	To run (something) aground on a beach.	To run aground on a beach.	To run into an obstacle or rough or soft ground, so that the floor of the vehicle rests on the ground and the wheels cannot gain traction.
star	noun	A composition of combustible matter used in the heading of rockets, in mines, etc., which, exploding in the air, presents a starlike appearance.	A concave polygon with regular, pointy protrusions and indentations, usually with four, five, or six points.	A friend, a mate, a pal.	A network topology with multiple computers individually merging to one central switch, thus free of risk of collisions. A single point of failure can occur if the switch experiences corruption.	A planet supposed to influence one's destiny.	A simple dance, or part of a dance, where a group of four dancers each put their right or left hand in the middle and turn around in a circle. You call them right-hand stars or left-hand stars, depending on the hand which is in the middle.	A spheroid of plasma with sufficient gravity to fuse hydrogen or heavier elements into heavier elements still. Depending on context the Sun may or may not be included.	A star-shaped ornament worn on the breast to indicate rank or honour.	A symbol used to rate hotels, films, etc. with a higher number of stars denoting better quality.	An actor in a leading role.	An asterisk (*) or comparable symbol (e.g., ★, ☆, ✶, ✦, ✧, ✷, ✪, ⭐) inspired by a celestial star.	An exceptionally talented or famous person, often in a specific field; a celebrity.	Any small, natural and bright dot appearing in the unobscured sky, especially in the night or twilight sky.
star	verb	To appear as a featured performer or headliner, especially in an entertainment program.	To feature (a performer or a headliner), especially in a movie or an entertainment program.	To mark with a star or asterisk.	To set or adorn with stars, or bright, radiating bodies; to bespangle.	To shine like a star.
bottle	noun	(originally "bottle and glass" as rhyming slang for "arse") Nerve, courage.	A building; house.	A bundle, especially of hay; something tied in a bundle.	A container of hair dye, hence with one’s hair color produced by dyeing.	A container with a rubber nipple used for giving liquids to infants, a baby bottle.	A container, typically made of glass or plastic and having a tapered neck, used primarily for holding liquids.	A dwelling; habitation.	Intoxicating liquor; alcohol.	The contents of such a container.
bottle	verb	Of pages printed several on a sheet: to rotate slightly when the sheet is folded two or more times.	To feed (an infant) baby formula.	To pelt (a musical act on stage, etc.) with bottles as a sign of disapproval.	To refrain from doing (something) at the last moment because of a sudden loss of courage.	To seal (a liquid) into a bottle for later consumption. Also fig.	To strike (someone) with a bottle.	To throw away a leading position.
feed	verb	To create the environment where another phonological rule can apply; to be applied before (another rule).	To create the syntactic environment in which another syntactic rule is applied; to be applied before (another syntactic rule).	To eat (usually of animals).	To give (someone or something) food to eat.	To give (someone or something) to (someone or something else) as food.	To give to a machine to be processed.	To graze; to cause to be cropped by feeding, as herbage by cattle.	To pass to.	To satisfy, gratify, or minister to (a sense, taste, desire, etc.).	To supply (a machine) with something to be processed.	To supply with something.	simple past and past participle of fee
feed	noun	A gathering to eat, especially in large quantities.	A meal.	A straight man who delivers lines to the comedian during a performance.	Food given to (especially herbivorous) non-human animals.	Something supplied continuously.	The forward motion of the material fed into a machine.	The part of a machine that supplies the material to be operated upon.	antichronological sequence of posts or articles from a single source, especially as consumable on a platform other as originally published.	content intended for consumption by scrolling or swiping, especially as a home page and from multiple publishers followed or algorithmically curated	online content presented sequentially:
group	noun	A (usually small) group of people who perform music together.	A collection of formations or rock strata.	A column in the periodic table of chemical elements.	A commercial organization.	A functional group.	A number of eighth, sixteenth, etc., notes joined at the stems; sometimes rather indefinitely applied to any ornament made up of a few short notes.	A number of things or persons being in some relation to one another.	A number of users with the same rights with respect to accession, modification, and execution of files, computers and peripherals.	A set of teams playing each other in the same division, while not during the same period playing any teams that belong to other sets in the division.	A set with an associative binary operation, under which there exists an identity element, and such that each element has an inverse.	A small number (up to about fifty) of galaxies that are near each other.	A subset of a culture or of a society.	An air force formation.	An effective divisor on a curve.	An element of an espresso machine from which hot water pours into the portafilter.
group	verb	To come together to form a group.	To put together to form a group.
plant	noun	A factory or other industrial or institutional building or facility.	A person, placed amongst an audience, whose role is to cause confusion, laughter etc.	A plan; a swindle; a trick.	A play in which the cue ball knocks one (usually red) ball onto another, in order to pot the second; a set.	A position in the street to sell from; a pitch.	A stash or cache of hidden goods.	A young oyster suitable for transplanting.	A young tree; a sapling; hence, a stick or staff.	An object placed surreptitiously in order to cause suspicion to fall upon a person.	An organism of the kingdom Plantae. Now specifically, a living organism of the Embryophyta (land plants) or of the Chlorophyta (green algae), a eukaryote that includes double-membraned chloroplasts in its cells containing chlorophyll a and b, or any organism closely related to such an organism.	An organism that is not an animal, especially an organism capable of photosynthesis. Typically a small or herbaceous organism of this kind, rather than a tree.	An oyster which has been bedded, in distinction from one of natural growth.	Any creature that grows on soil or similar surfaces, including plants and fungi.	Anyone assigned to behave as a member of the public during a covert operation (as in a police investigation).	Machinery, such as the kind used in earthmoving or construction.	Now specifically, a multicellular eukaryote that includes chloroplasts in its cells, which have a cell wall.	The combination of process and actuator.	The sole of the foot.
plant	verb	To engender; to generate; to set the germ of.	To furnish or supply with plants.	To furnish with a fixed and organized population; to settle; to establish.	To introduce and establish the principles or seeds of.	To place (a seed or plant) in soil or other substrate in order that it may live and grow.	To place (an object, or sometimes a person), often with the implication of intending deceit.	To place in the ground.	To place or set something firmly or with conviction.	To set up; to install; to instate.
ear	noun	A crossette.	A curled ridge in the crust of a loaf of bread where the dough was slashed before going into the oven and expands during baking.	A path whose endpoints may coincide but in which otherwise there are no repetitions of vertices or edges.	A police informant.	A space to the left or right of a publication's front-page title, used for advertising, weather, etc.	An acroterium.	That which resembles in shape or position the ear of an animal; a prominence or projection on an object, usually for support or attachment; a lug; a handle; a foot-rest or step of a spade or a similar digging tool.	The external part of the organ of hearing, the auricle.	The fruiting body of a grain plant.	The organ of hearing, consisting of the pinna or auricle, auditory canal, eardrum, malleus, incus, stapes and cochlea.	The privilege of being kindly heard; favour; attention.	The sense of hearing; the perception of sounds; skill or good taste in listening to music.
ear	verb	To hold by the ears.	To plough.	To put forth ears in growing; to form ears, as grain does.	To take in with the ears; to hear.
due	adj	Appropriate.	Having reached the expected, scheduled, or natural time.	On a direct bearing, especially for the four points of the compass	Owed or owing.	Owing; ascribable, as to a cause.	Scheduled; expected.
due	adv	Directly; exactly.
due	noun	A membership fee.	Deserved acknowledgment.	Right; just title or claim.	That which is owed; debt; that which belongs or may be claimed as a right; whatever custom, law, or morality requires to be done, duty.
thought	noun	A representation created in the mind without the use of one's faculties of vision, sound, smell, touch, or taste; an instance of thinking.	A very small amount, distance, etc.; a whit or jot.	A way of thinking (associated with a group, nation or region).	Anxiety, distress.	The careful consideration of multiple factors; deliberation.	The operation by which mental activity arise or are manipulated; the process of thinking; the agency by which thinking is accomplished.
thought	verb	simple past and past participle of think
handle	noun	A 10 fluid ounce (285 mL) glass of beer.	A half-gallon (1.75-liter) bottle of alcohol.	A name or nickname, especially as an identifier over the radio or Internet.	A person's nose.	A point, an extremity of land.	A reference to an object or structure that can be stored in a variable.	A title attached to one's name, such as Doctor or Colonel.	A topological space homeomorphic to a ball but viewed as a product of two lower-dimensional balls.	A traditional dimpled glass with a handle, for serving a pint of beer.	An instrument for effecting a purpose (either literally or figuratively); a tool, or an opportunity or pretext.	The amount wagered in the various pari-mutuel pools for a particular event or events.	The gross amount of wagering within a given period of time or for a given event at one of more establishments.	The part of an object which is (designed to be) held in the hand when used or moved.	The smooth, irreducible subcurve of a comb which connects to each of the other components in exactly one point.	The tactile qualities of a fabric, e.g., softness, firmness, elasticity, fineness, resilience, and other qualities perceived by touch.
handle	verb	To accustom to the hand; to take care of with the hands.	To be concerned with; to be an expert in.	To behave in a particular way when handled (managed, controlled, directed).	To deal with (a subject, argument, topic, or theme) in speaking, in writing, or in art.	To illegally touch the ball with the hand or arm; to commit handball.	To manage, control, or direct.	To manage, use, or wield with the hands.	To put up with; to endure (and continue to function).	To receive and transfer; to have pass through one's hands; hence, to buy and sell.	To touch; to feel or hold with the hand(s).	To treat, to deal with (in a specified way).	To use the hands.
special	adj	Appointed specifically to examine a single event or issue.	Constituting or relating to a species.	Distinguished by a unique, particular, or unusual quality.	Infused with a drug, especially marijuana; that is an edible.	Of or related to disabilities, especially learning or intellectual disabilities.	Of or related to unconventional warfare.	Of particular value or interest; dear; beloved.	Of, being, or pertaining to sexual intercourse or the genitals.	Stupid, lacking intelligence.
special	noun	A dispatch sent back by a special correspondent.	A journalist sent to the scene of an event to report back.	A light that illuminates a specific person or thing on the stage.	A meal offered only at a certain time by a restaurant, not as a standing fixture of the menu; often, one of a rotation of meals systematically offered for a lower price; also often a dish at a nondiscounted price that is seasonal or otherwise exciting or unusual.	A racehorse predicted to win; a sure thing.	A reduction in consumer cost (usually for a limited time) for items or services rendered; the thing thus sold.	A special constable.	An award, typically a free game, that is made available to the player upon reaching or completing a major objective in a pinball game.	Any unlicensed medicine produced or obtained for a specific individual patient.	Anything that is not according to normal practice, plan, or schedule, as an unscheduled run of transportation that is normally scheduled.	One of certain mixed-breed dogs.	Unusual or exceptional episode of a series.
special	verb	To supervise a patient one-on-one.
boyfriend	noun	A male friend.	A male partner in an unmarried romantic relationship.	A style of women's clothing that draws heavily from corresponding men's garments.ᵂⁱᵏⁱᵖᵉᵈⁱᵃ
color	noun	A flushed appearance of blood in the face; redness of complexion.	A front or facade; an ostensible truth actually false; pretext.	A paint.	A particular set of visible spectral compositions, perceived or named as a class.	A property of quarks, with three values called red, green, and blue, which they can exchange by passing gluons; color charge.	A standard or banner.	A standard, flag, or insignia:	A subset thereof:	A third-order measure of derivative price sensitivity, expressed as the rate of change of gamma with respect to time, or equivalently the rate of change of charm with respect to changes in the underlying asset price.	An appearance of right or authority; color of law.	An award for sporting achievement, particularly within a school or university.	Any of the colored balls excluding the reds.	Any of the standard dark tinctures used in a coat of arms, including azure, gules, sable, and vert.	Gang insignia.	Gold, particles of gold found when prospecting.	Hue as opposed to achromatic colors (black, white and grays).	Human skin tone, especially as an indicator of race or ethnicity.	Richness of expression; detail or flavour that is likely to generate interest or enjoyment.	Skin color, noted as normal, jaundiced, cyanotic, flush, mottled, pale, or ashen as part of the skin signs assessment.	The flag of a nation or team.	The morning ceremony of raising the flag.	The relative lightness or darkness of a mass of written or printed text on a page. (See type color on Wikipedia.Wikipedia)	The spectral composition of visible light.	These hues as used in color television or films, color photographs, etc (as opposed to the shades of grey used in black-and-white television).	Timbre, often in relation to orchestration.	To bleed, either through injury or blading. Usally prefaced with "get".
color	adj	Conveying color, as opposed to shades of gray.
color	verb	To affect without completely changing.	To apply colors to the areas within the boundaries of a line drawing using colored markers or crayons.	To assign colors to the vertices of a graph (or the regions of a map) so that no two vertices connected by an edge (regions sharing a border) have the same color.	To attribute a quality to; to portray (as).	To become red through increased blood flow.	To cause (a pipe, especially a meerschaum) to take on a brown or black color, by smoking.	To give something color.
fruit	noun	A crazy person.	A homosexual man; (derogatory, figurative) an effeminate man.	A product of fertilization in a plant, specifically	A product of fertilization in a plant, specifically:	A sweet or sweetish vegetable, such as the petioles of rhubarb, that resembles a true fruit or is used in cookery as if it was a fruit.	An end result, effect, or consequence; advantageous or disadvantageous result.	Any sweet or sour, edible part of a plant that resembles seed-bearing fruit (see former sense) even if it does not develop from a floral ovary.	Of, belonging to, related to, or having fruit or its characteristics; (of living things) producing or consuming fruit.	Offspring from a sexual union.	The seed-bearing part of a plant; often edible, colourful, fragrant, and sweet or sour; produced from a floral ovary after fertilization.	The spores of cryptogams and their accessory organs.
fruit	verb	To produce fruit, seeds, or spores.
living	verb	present participle of live
living	adj	Continually updated; not static	Having life; alive.	In use or existing.	Of rock or stone, existing in its original state and place.	True to life.	Used as an intensifier.
living	noun	A position in a church (usually the Church of England) that has attached to it a source of income; an ecclesiastical benefice.	A style of life.	Financial means; a means of maintaining life; livelihood	The state of being alive.	Those who are alive: living people.
simple	adj	Being non-abelian and having no proper non-zero ideals. (Note that this is non-equivalent to the usual algebra sense; in particular, the abelian Lie algebra of dimension 1 over any given field is non-trivial and has no proper non-zero ideals, but is by convention not considered simple.)	Being non-isomorphic to the terminal object, and such that its only quotient objects (up to isomorphism) are the terminal object and itself.	Being non-trivial, and admitting no proper non-trivial quotients.	Being non-trivial, and having no proper non-trivial normal subgroups (equivalently, no proper non-trivial quotient groups).	Being non-trivial, and having no proper non-trivial submodules (equivalently, no proper non-trivial quotient modules).	Being non-zero, and having no proper non-zero two-sided ideals (equivalently, no proper non-trivial quotient rings). For commutative rings, this definition coincides with that of a field.	Consisting of a single individual or zooid; not compound.	Consisting of one single substance; uncompounded.	Containing more than one element, and such that the only congruences on the structure are the diagonal relation (the equivalence relation a≡b⟺a=b) and the universal relation (the equivalence relation such that a≡b for all a,b). Equivalently, containing more than one element and having no proper non-trivial quotient algebras.	Easy; not difficult.	Equal to a finite linear combination of indicator functions on measurable sets.	Feeble-minded; foolish.	Free from duplicity; guileless, innocent, straightforward.	Homogenous.	Mere; not other than; being only.	Not compound, but possibly lobed.	Structurally uncomplicated.	Trivial; insignificant.	Uncomplicated; lacking complexity; taken by itself, with nothing added.	Undistinguished in social condition; of no special rank.	Using steam only once in its cylinders, in contrast to a compound engine, where steam is used more than once in high-pressure and low-pressure cylinders. (of a steam engine)	Without ornamentation; plain.
simple	noun	A drawloom.	A feast which is not a double or a semidouble.	A herbal preparation made from one plant, as opposed to something made from more than one plant.	A physician.	A simple or atomic proposition.	Part of the apparatus for raising the heddles of a drawloom.	Something not mixed or compounded.
simple	verb	To gather simples, i.e. medicinal herbs.
Paris	name	A Belgian surname, a variant of Parys.	A French surname originating as a patronymic, ultimately from Latin Patricius.	A Sicilian surname, a variant of Parigi.	A Spanish surname, a variant of Aparicio.	A Trojan prince who eloped with Helen.	A census-designated place in Hanover Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania.	A census-designated place in Lafayette County, Mississippi.	A city in Arkansas, United States and one of the two county seats of Logan County.	A city, the county seat of Bear Lake County, Idaho.	A city, the county seat of Bourbon County, Kentucky.	A city, the county seat of Edgar County, Illinois.	A city, the county seat of Henry County, Tennessee.	A city, the county seat of Lamar County, Texas.	A city, the county seat of Monroe County, Missouri; named for the city in Kentucky.	A community in Ontario; named for nearby gypsum deposits, used to make plaster of Paris (itself named for the city).	A department of Île-de-France, France.	A female given name transferred from the place name, of modern usage, usually from the French city.	A former settlement in Kiritimati, Kiribati.	A former settlement in Yukon, Canada.	A hamlet in Jutland, Denmark.	A hamlet in New Valley, Egypt.	A locale in the United States.	A locale named after the French city.	A male given name from Ancient Greek, from the Trojan hero.	A male given name from place name.	A number of townships in the United States, listed under Paris Township.	A town and unincorporated community therein, in Kenosha County, Wisconsin; named for the town in New York.	A town in Grant County, Wisconsin.	A town in Oneida County, New York; named for early benefactor Col. Isaac Paris.	A town, the county seat of Oxford County, Maine.	A township and unincorporated community therein, in Stark County, Ohio.	An English habitational surname from Old French for someone from Paris.	An English surname of Celtic origin, a variant of Parris.	An unincorporated community in Fauquier County, Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Green Charter Township, Mecosta County, Michigan.	An unincorporated community in Jefferson County and Jennings County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Lane County, Oregon; named for postmaster G. E. Parris.	An unincorporated community in Linn County, Iowa.	An unincorporated community in the towns of Dummer and Stark, Coos County, New Hampshire.	The capital and largest city of France.	The government of France.
terrible	adj	Dreadful; causing terror, alarm and fear; awesome	Formidable, powerful.	Intense; extreme in degree or extent.	Unpleasant; disagreeable.	Very bad; lousy.
terrible	adv	In a terrible way; to a terrible extent; terribly; awfully.
blood	noun	A blood horse, one of good pedigree.	A blood test or blood sample.	A family relationship due to birth, such as that between siblings; contrasted with relationships due to marriage or adoption. See blood relative, blood relation.	A friend or acquaintance, especially one who is black and male.	A lively, showy man; a rake; a dandy.	A vital liquid flowing in the bodies of many types of animals that usually conveys nutrients and oxygen. In vertebrates, it is colored red by hemoglobin, is conveyed by arteries and veins, is pumped by the heart and is usually generated in bone marrow.	Alternative form of blud (“Informal address to a male.”).	Alternative letter-case form of Blood (“member of a certain gang”).	Bloodshed.	One of the four humours in the human body.	Temper of mind; disposition; mood	The endometrial lining as it is shed in menstruation; menstrual fluid.	The juice of anything, especially if red.	The sap or juice which flows in or from plants.
blood	verb	To cause something to be covered with blood; to bloody.	To initiate into warfare or a blood sport, traditionally by smearing with the blood of the first kill witnessed.	To let blood (from); to bleed.	To make eager for bloodshed or combat; to incite or enrage against.
bother	verb	Damn; curse.	To annoy, to disturb, to irritate; to be troublesome to, to make trouble for.	To do something which is of negligible inconvenience.	To feel care or concern; to burden or inconvenience oneself out of concern.	To take the trouble, to trouble oneself (to do something).
bother	noun	Fuss, ado.	Trouble, inconvenience.
bother	intj	A mild expression of annoyance.
smart	verb	To cause a smart or sting in.	To feel a pungent pain of mind; to feel sharp pain or grief; to be punished severely; to feel the sting of evil.	To hurt or sting.
smart	adj	Brisk; fresh.	Causing sharp pain; stinging.	Cleverly shrewd and humorous in a way that may be rude and disrespectful.	Efficient; vigorous; brilliant.	Equipped with intelligent behaviour (digital/computer technology).	Exhibiting intellectual knowledge, such as that found in books.	Exhibiting social ability or cleverness.	Good-looking; well dressed; fine; fashionable.	Hard-working.	Intense in feeling; painful. Used usually with the adverb intensifier right.	Pretentious; showy; spruce.	Sharp; keen; poignant.	Sudden and intense.
smart	noun	A dandy; one who is smart in dress; one who is brisk, vivacious, or clever.	A sharp, quick, lively pain; a sting.	Clipping of smart money.	Mental pain or suffering; grief; affliction.
belong	verb	(followed by to) To be an element of (a set). The symbol ∈ means belongs to.	To be a part of a group.	To be accepted in a group.	To be deserved by.	To be part of, or the property of.	To be the spouse or partner of.	To have its proper place.
belong	prep	Of, belonging to.
Weve		
proud	adj	Brave, valiant; gallant.	Excited by sexual desire; specifically of a female animal: in heat.	Feeling honoured (by something); feeling happy or satisfied about an event or fact; gratified.	Generating a sense of pride; being a cause for pride.	Having too high an opinion of oneself; arrogant, supercilious, prideful.	Possessed of a due sense of what one deserves or is worth.	Standing out or raised; swollen.	That makes one feel proud (of something one did)	standing upwards as in the manner of a proud person; stately or majestic.
village	noun	A planned community such as a retirement community or shopping district.	A rural habitation of size between a hamlet and a town.	A rural habitation that has a church, but no market.	An exclusive gated community; a subdivision.
peace	noun	A state free of oppressive and unpleasant thoughts and emotions.	A state free of war, in particular war between different countries.	A state of tranquility, quiet, and harmony; absence of violence.	Death.	Harmony in personal relations.
peace	intj	Peace out; goodbye.	Shut up!, silence!; be quiet, be silent.
peace	verb	To make peace; to put at peace; to be at peace.	To peace out.
president	noun	A person presiding over a meeting; a chair, presiding officer, presider.	In presidential republics, the head of government and head of state.	Obsolete form of precedent.	Primary leader of a corporation. Not to be confused with CEO, which is a related but separate position that is sometimes held by a different person.	The head of state of a republic.
president	adj	Occupying the first rank or chief place; having the highest authority; presiding.
president	verb	To act as president; to do presidential duties.
lady	noun	A five-pound note. (Rhyming slang, Lady Godiva for fiver.)	A polite reference or form of address to women.	A queen (the playing card).	A queen.	A title for someone married to a lord or gentleman.	A title that can be used instead of the formal terms of marchioness, countess, viscountess, or baroness.	A wife or girlfriend; a sweetheart.	A woman of breeding or higher class, a woman of authority.	A woman to whom the particular homage of a knight was paid; a woman to whom one is devoted or bound.	A woman: an adult female human.	A woman’s breast.	Alternative form of Lady.	The feminine of lord.	The mistress of a household.	Used to address a female.	Who is a woman.	gastric mill, the triturating apparatus in the stomach of a lobster, consisting of calcareous plates; so called from a fancied resemblance to a seated female figure.
lady	verb	To address as “lady”.
recently	adv	In the recent past	a short while ago.	in recent times.
tooth	noun	A hard, calcareous structure present in the mouth of many vertebrate animals, generally used for biting and chewing food.	A pointed projection from the margin of a leaf.	A projection on the edge of a gear that meshes with similar projections on adjacent gears, or on the circumference of a cog that engages with a chain.	A projection or point in other parts of the body resembling the tooth of a vertebrate animal.	A sharp projection on the blade of a saw or similar implement.	An irreducible component of a comb that intersects the handle in exactly one point, that point being distinct from the unique point of intersection for any other tooth of the comb.	Liking, fondness (compare toothsome).	Of a rope, the stickiness when in contact with another rope as in a knot.	The rough surface of some kinds of cel or other films that allows better adhesion of artwork.
tooth	verb	To indent; to jag.	To lock into each other, like gear wheels.	To provide or furnish with teeth.
avoid	verb	To become void or vacant.	To defeat or evade; to invalidate.	To emit or throw out; to void.	To get rid of.	To keep away from; to keep clear of; to stay away from.	To leave, evacuate; to leave as empty, to withdraw or come away from.	To make empty; to clear.	To make void, to annul; to refute (especially a contract).	To retire; to withdraw, depart, go away.	To stay out of the way of (something harmful).	To try not to do something or to have something happen.	To try not to meet or communicate with (a person); to shun.
pretend	verb	To engage in make-believe.	To feign, affect (a state, quality, etc.).	To hold before one; to extend.	To hold before, or put forward, as a cloak or disguise for something else; to exhibit as a veil for something hidden.	To intend; to design, to plot; to attempt.	To lay claim (to an ability, status, advantage, etc.).	To speak or behave so as to give a false or simulated appearance.
pretend	adj	Not really what it is represented as being; imaginary, feigned.
pretend	noun	The act of engaging in pretend play.
attack	noun	A time in which one attacks; the offence of a battle.	An active episode of a chronic or recurrent disease.	An attempt to cause damage, injury to, or death of an opponent or enemy.	An attempt to detract from the worth or credibility of, a person, position, idea, object, or thing, by physical, verbal, emotional, or other assault.	An attempt to exploit a vulnerability in a computer system.	Any contact with the ball other than a serve or block which sends the ball across the plane of the net.	Any of several specific maneuvers, skills, or special abilities that a character can use to inflict damage against opponents.	Collectively, the bowlers of a cricket side.	The amount of time taken for the volume of an audio signal to go from zero to maximum level (e.g. an audio waveform representing a snare drum hit would feature a very fast attack, whereas that of a wave washing to shore would feature a slow attack).	The beginning of active operations on anything.	The initial sensory impact of a wine.	The onset of a musical note, particularly with respect to the strength (and duration) of that onset.	The sudden onset of a disease or condition.	The three attackmen on the field or all the attackmen of a team.
attack	verb	(Of a chemical species) To approach a chemical species or bond in order to form a bond with it.	To accelerate quickly in an attempt to get ahead of the other riders.	To aggressively challenge a person, idea, etc., with words (particularly in newspaper headlines, because it typesets into less space than "criticize" or similar).	To aim balls at the batsman’s wicket.	To apply violent force to someone or something.	To bat aggressively, so as to score runs quickly.	To begin to affect; to act upon injuriously or destructively; to begin to decompose or waste.	To deal with something in a direct way; to set to work upon.	To move forward in an active attempt to score a point, as opposed to trying not to concede.	To set a field, or bowl in a manner designed to get wickets.
attack	adj	Designed or kept for the purpose of confrontation.
cool	adj	All right; acceptable; good.	Allowing or suggesting heat relief.	Applied facetiously to a sum of money, commonly as if to give emphasis to the largeness of the amount.	Calmly audacious.	Fashionable; trendy; hip.	Followed by with, able to tolerate.	Knowing what to do and how to behave; behaving with effortless and enviable style and panache; considered popular by others.	Not showing emotion; calm and in control of oneself.	Of a color, in the range of violet to green.	Of a mildly low temperature.	Of a pair of people, Having good relations.	Unenthusiastic; lukewarm; skeptical.	Very interesting or exciting.
cool	noun	A calm temperament.	A moderate or refreshing state of cold; moderate temperature of the air between hot and cold; coolness.	The property of being cool, popular or in fashion.
cool	verb	To become less intense, e.g. less amicable or passionate.	To kill, murder.	To lose heat, to get colder.	To make cooler, less warm.	To make less intense, e.g. less amicable or passionate.	To relax, hang out.
meal	noun	A break taken by a police officer in order to eat.	A part; a fragment; a portion.	A speck or spot.	A time or an occasion.	Any of various other granular or powdery materials, either ground by humans or occurring in nature, named figuratively after a resemblance to grain meal.	Any of various similarly granular materials prepared from other sources, such as bones or wood.	Food served or eaten as a repast.	Food that is prepared and eaten, usually at a specific time, and usually in a comparatively large quantity (as opposed to a snack).	The ground-up edible part of various grains, used as a basis of food or feed; either flour or a coarser blend than flour (usage varies).
meal	verb	To defile or taint.	To yield or be plentiful in meal.
state	noun	A chair with a canopy above it, often standing on a dais; a seat of dignity; also, the canopy itself.	A complete description of a system, consisting of parameters that determine all properties of the system.	A condition; a set of circumstances applying at any given time.	A form of government other than a monarchy.	A great person, a dignitary; a lord or prince.	A mess; disorder; a bad condition or set of circumstances.	A political division of a federation retaining a notable degree of autonomy, as in the United States, Mexico, Nigeria, or India.	A polity or community.	A society larger than a tribe. A society large enough to form a state in the sense of a government.	An element of the range of the random variables that define a random process.	Any sovereign polity or community; the government of a country or city-state.	Condition of prosperity or grandeur; wealthy or prosperous circumstances; social importance.	Estate, possession.	High social standing or circumstance.	Highest and stationary condition, as that of maturity between growth and decline, or as that of crisis between the increase and the abating of a disease; height; acme.	Pomp, ceremony, or dignity.	Rank; condition; quality.	The lexical aspect (aktionsart) of verbs or predicates that do not change over time.	The physical property of matter as solid, liquid, gas or plasma.	The set of all parameters relevant to a computation.	The stable condition of a processor during a particular clock cycle.	The values of all parameters at some point in a computation.
state	verb	To declare to be a fact.	To make known.
state	adj	Stately.
owe	verb	To be under an obligation to give something back to someone or to perform some action for someone.	To have as a cause; used with to.	To have debt; to be in debt.
suit	noun	A company of attendants or followers; a retinue.	A dress.	A full set of armour.	A garment or set of garments suitable and/or required for a given task or activity: space suit, boiler suit, protective suit, swimsuit.	A group of similar or related objects or items considered as a whole; a suite (of rooms etc.)	A person who wears matching jacket and trousers, especially a boss or a supervisor.	A set of clothes to be worn together, now especially a man's matching jacket and trousers (also business suit or lounge suit), or a similar outfit for a woman.	Each of the sets of a pack of cards distinguished by colour and/or specific emblems, such as the spades, hearts, diamonds, or clubs of traditional Anglo, Hispanic, and French playing cards.	Petition, request, entreaty.	Pursuit of a love-interest; wooing, courtship.	Regular order; succession.	The act of following or pursuing; pursuit, chase.	The act of suing; the pursuit of a particular object or goal.	The attempt to gain an end by legal process; a process instituted in a court of law for the recovery of a right or claim; a lawsuit.	The full set of sails required for a ship.
suit	verb	To agree; to be fitted; to correspond (usually followed by to, archaically also followed by with).	To be appropriate or apt for.	To be suitable or apt for one's image.	To dress; to clothe.	To make proper or suitable; to adapt or fit.	To please; to make content; to fit someone's (or one's own) taste.
forgive	verb	To accord forgiveness.	To look past; to look beyond.	To pardon (someone); to waive any negative feeling towards or desire for punishment or retribution against.	To pardon for (something); to waive any negative feeling over or retribution for.	To redeem; to offset the bad effects of something.	To waive or remit (a debt), to absolve from payment or compensation of.
mouth	noun	A gossip.	A loud or overly talkative person.	A principal speaker; one who utters the common opinion; a mouthpiece.	A wry face; a grimace; a mow.	An outlet, aperture or orifice.	Speech; language; testimony.	The crosspiece of a bridle bit, which enters the mouth of an animal.	The end of a river out of which water flows into a sea or other large body of water; or the end of a tributary out of which water flows into a larger river.	The front opening of a creature through which food is ingested.
mouth	verb	To carry in the mouth.	To examine the teeth of.	To exit at a mouth (such as a river mouth)	To form a mouth or opening in.	To form or cleanse with the mouth; to lick, as a bear licks her cub.	To make mouths at	To move the mouth, with or without sound; to form (air or words) with the mouth, with or without sound.	To pick up or handle with the lips or mouth, but not chew or swallow.	To represent (words or sounds) by making the actions of speech, but silently, without producing sound; to frame.	To speak; to utter.	To take into the mouth; to seize or grind with the mouth or teeth; to chew; to devour.	To utter with a voice that is overly loud or swelling.
none	pron	No one, nobody.	No person.	Not any of a given number or group.
none	det	Not any; no (usually used only before a vowel or h)
none	adv	No, not.	Not at all, not very.	To no extent, in no way.
none	noun	A person without religious affiliation.	Alternative form of nones: the ninth hour after dawn; (Christianity) the religious service appointed to this hour.	Synonym of midafternoon: the time around or following noon or nones.
examination	noun	A formal test involving answering written or oral questions under a time constraint and usually without access to textbooks; typically, a large, written test administered to high school and college students covering course material studied in a semester.	Interrogation, particularly by a lawyer in court or during discovery.	Particularly, an inspection by a medical professional to establish the extent and nature of any sickness or injury.	The act of examining.
ought	verb	Indicating advisability or prudence.	Indicating desirability.	Indicating duty or obligation.	Indicating likelihood or probability.	simple past of owe
ought	pron	Alternative spelling of aught; anything
ought	adv	Alternative spelling of aught; at all, to any degree.
ought	noun	A statement of what ought to be the case as contrasted with what is the case.	Alternative spelling of aught; cipher, zero, nought.
million	num	An unspecified very large number.	The cardinal number 1 000 000: 10⁶; a thousand thousand.
lucky	adj	Favoured by luck; fortunate; having good success or good fortune.	Producing, or resulting in, good fortune
lucky	noun	seven
increase	verb	(of a quantity, etc.) To become larger or greater, to greaten.	To become more nearly full; to show more of the surface; to wax.	To make (a quantity, etc.) larger.	To multiply by the production of young; to be fertile, fruitful, or prolific.
increase	noun	An amount by which a quantity is increased.	For a quantity, the act or process of becoming larger	Offspring, progeny	The creation of one or more new stitches; see Increase (knitting).
lawyer	noun	A legal layman who argues points of law.	A professional person qualified (as by a law degree or bar exam) and authorized to practice law as an attorney-at-law, solicitor, advocate, barrister or equivalent, i.e. represent parties in lawsuits or trials and give legal advice.	A professional person with a graduate law degree that qualifies for legal work (such as Juris Doctor)	A relative of the raspberry found in Australia and New Zealand, Rubus australis	A woody climbing rainforest vine, Flagellaria indica.	Any of various plants that have hooked thorns.	The burbot.	The stem of a bramble.	Various species of Calamus, including Calamus australis, Calamus muelleri, Calamus obstruens, Calamus vitiensis, Calamus warburgii, and Calamus moti.
lawyer	verb	To barrage (a person) with questions in order to get them to admit something.	To make legalistic arguments.	To perform, or attempt to perform, the work of a lawyer.	To practice law.
yen	noun	A coin or note worth one yen.	A strong desire, urge, or yearning.	Opium.	The unit of Japanese currency (symbol: ¥) since 1871, divided into 100 sen.
yen	verb	To have a strong desire for.
crowd	verb	To approach another ship too closely when it has right of way.	To carry excessive sail in the hope of moving faster.	To fill by pressing or thronging together	To play on a crowd; to fiddle.	To press by solicitation; to urge; to dun; hence, to treat discourteously or unreasonably.	To press forward; to advance by pushing.	To press or drive together, especially into a small space; to cram.	To press together or collect in numbers.	To push, to press, to shove.
crowd	noun	A fiddle.	A group of people congregated or collected into a close body without order.	A group of people united or at least characterised by a common interest.	Alternative form of crwth.	Several things collected or closely pressed together; also, some things adjacent to each other.	The so-called lower orders of people; the populace; the vulgar.
intend	verb	To apply with energy.	To bend or turn; direct, as one’s course or journey.	To design mechanically or artistically; fashion; mold.	To fix the mind on; attend to; take care of; superintend; regard.	To fix the mind upon (something, or something to be accomplished); be intent upon	To intensify; strengthen.	To pretend; counterfeit; simulate.	To strain; make tense.	To stretch to extend; distend.
till	prep	Before (a certain time or event).	So that (something may happen).	To, toward (in attitude).	To, up to (physically).	Until; to, up to; as late as (a given time).
till	conj	Until, until the time that.
till	noun	A cash drawer in a bank, used by a teller.	A cash register.	A removable box within a cash register containing the money.	A tray or drawer in a chest.	A vetch; a tare.	The contents of a cash register, for example at the beginning or end of the day or of a cashier's shift.	glacial drift consisting of a mixture of clay, sand, pebbles and boulders	manure or other material used to fertilize land
till	verb	To cultivate soil.	To develop so as to improve or prepare for usage; to cultivate (said of knowledge, virtue, mind etc.).	To prepare; to get.	To work or cultivate or plough (soil); to prepare for growing vegetation and crops.
recognize	verb	To acknowledge or consider (as being a certain thing or having a certain quality or property).	To acknowledge the existence or legality of; to treat as valid or worthy of consideration.	To have the property to bind to specific antigens.	To match (something or someone which one currently perceives) to a memory of some previous encounter with the same person or thing.	To realize or discover the nature of something; apprehend quality in.	To reconnoiter.	To review; to examine again.	To show formal appreciation of, as with an award, commendation etc.	to cognize again
immediately	adv	In an immediate manner; instantly or without delay.	Without any intervening time or space.
immediately	conj	directly (as soon as), instantly, the moment that. Indicates that the independent clause describes something that occurs immediately after the dependent clause's referent does.
post	noun	A goalpost.	A location on a basketball court near the basket.	A long dowel or plank protruding from the ground; a fencepost; a lightpost.	A long, narrow piece inserted into a root canal to provide retention for a crown.	A message posted in an electronic or Internet forum, or on a blog, etc.	A military base; the place at which a soldier or a body of troops is stationed; also, the troops at such a station.	A moderate to deep passing route in which a receiver runs 10-20 yards from the line of scrimmage straight down the field, then cuts toward the middle of the field (towards the facing goalposts) at a 45-degree angle.	A pole in a battery.	A post mortem (an investigation of a body's cause of death).	A printing paper size measuring 19.25 inches x 15.5 inches.	A prolonged final melody note, among moving harmony notes.	A single delivery of letters; the letters or deliveries that make up a single batch delivered to one person or one address.	A station, or one of a series of stations, established for the refreshment and accommodation of travellers on some recognized route.	A stud; a two-by-four.	An appointed position in an organization, job.	An assigned station; a guard post.	An organisation for delivering letters, parcels etc., or the service provided by such an organisation.	Each of a series of men stationed at specific places along a postroad, with responsibility for relaying letters and dispatches of the monarch (and later others) along the route.	Haste or speed, like that of a messenger or mail carrier.	One who has charge of a station, especially a postal station.	Post-production.	Someone who travels express along a set route carrying letters and dispatches; a courier.	The doorpost of a victualler's shop or inn, on which were chalked the scores of customers; hence, a score; a debt.	The vertical part of a crochet stitch.
post	verb	To announce publicly; to publish.	To assign to a station; to set; to place.	To carry (an account) from the journal to the ledger.	To deposit a payment that may or may not be returned.	To enter (a name) on a list, as for service, promotion, etc.	To hang (a notice) in a conspicuous manner for general review.	To hold up to public blame or reproach; to advertise opprobriously; to denounce by public proclamation.	To inform; to give the news to; to make acquainted with the details of a subject; often with up.	To pay (a stake or blind).	To pay bail.	To publish (a message) to a newsgroup, forum, blog, etc.	To rise and sink in the saddle, in accordance with the motion of the horse, especially in trotting.	To send (an item of mail etc.) through the postal service.	To travel quickly; to hurry.	To travel with relays of horses; to travel by post horses, originally as a courier.
post	adv	Sent via the postal service.	With the post, on post-horses; by a relay of horses (changing at every staging-post); hence, express, with speed, quickly.
post	prep	After; especially after a significant event that has long-term ramifications.
ahead	adv	At an earlier time; beforehand; in advance.	At or towards the front; in the direction one is facing or moving.	In or for the future.	So as to be further advanced, either spatially or in an abstract sense; to be superior.	To a later time.	To an earlier time.
deep	adj	Complex, involved.	Distant in the past, ancient.	Extending far down from the top, or surface, to the bottom, literally or figuratively.	Extending to a level or length equivalent to the stated thing.	Extending, reaching or positioned far from a point of reference, especially downwards.	Far from the center of the playing area, near to the boundary of the playing area, either in absolute terms or relative to a point of reference.	Far in extent in another (non-downwards, but generally also non-upwards) direction, especially front-to-back.	Further into the body.	Hard to penetrate or comprehend; profound; intricate; obscure.	Highly saturated; rich.	In a (specified) number of rows or layers.	Inner, underlying, true; relating to one’s inner or private being rather than what is visible on the surface.	Low in pitch.	Muddy; boggy; sandy; said of roads.	Of penetrating or far-reaching intellect; not superficial; thoroughly skilled; sagacious; cunning.	Penetrating a long way, especially a long way forward.	Positioned back, or downfield, towards one's own goal, or towards or behind one's baseline or similar reference point.	Positioned far from the surface or other reference point, especially down through something or into something.	Profound, having great meaning or import, but possibly obscure or not obvious.	Significant, not superficial, in extent.	Sound, heavy (describing a state of sleep from which one is not easily awoken).	Voluminous.
deep	adv	Back towards one's own goal, baseline, or similar.	Far, especially far down through something or into something, physically or figuratively.	In a profound, not superficial, manner.	In large volume.
deep	noun	A deep hole or pit, a water well; an abyss.	A deep or innermost part of something in general.	A deep shade of colour.	A fielding position near the boundary.	A silent time; quiet isolation.	The deep part of a lake, sea, etc.	The profound part of a problem.	The sea, the ocean.
deep	verb	To overthink; to treat as being deeper (“more profound, significant”) than in reality.	To think about, especially deeply (“profoundly”); to consider.
China	name	A cultural region and civilization in East Asia, occupying the region around the Yellow, Yangtze, and Pearl Rivers, taken as a whole under its various dynasties.	A female given name.	A hamlet in Delaware County, New York, United States.	A large country in East Asia, occupying the region around the Yellow, Yangtze, and Pearl Rivers; the People's Republic of China, since 1949.	A municipality and town in Nuevo León, Mexico.	A small city in Jefferson County, Texas, United States.	A town in Kagoshima Prefecture, Japan.	A town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States.	An unincorporated community in Howell County, Missouri, United States.	An unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Indiana, United States.	Any of the empires occupying similar territory to that of the modern nation of China, ruled under various dynasties up through the early 20th century.	China in One China, asserting that there is only one de jure Chinese nation	Synonym of mainland China.	The Republic of China prior to 1949, and sometimes after that time, particularly up through the early 1970's or so (when the People's Republic of China assumed the United Nations seat allocated to china).
China	noun	A Chinese person.	Alternative form of cheyney: woollen stuff; items made or filled with cheyney.	Alternative form of china: a mate, a friend.	Alternative letter-case form of china: porcelain tableware.	Clipping of China rose, various flowers.	Clipping of China tea.
Esperanto	name	An international auxiliary language designed by L. L. Zamenhof.	Anything that is used as a single international medium in place of plural distinct national media.
apologize	verb	To express regret that a certain event has occurred.	To make an apologia or defense; to act as apologist.	To make an apology or excuse; to acknowledge some fault or offense, with expression of regret for it, by way of amends
twice	adv	Doubled in quantity, intensity, or degree.	Two times.
shouldve		
accord	noun	A distinctive mixture of fragrances or the odor thereof.	A harmony in sound, pitch and tone; concord.	Agreement or concurrence of opinion, will, or action.	Agreement or harmony of things in general.	An agreement between parties in controversy, by which satisfaction for an injury is stipulated, and which, when executed, prevents a lawsuit.	An international agreement.	Voluntary or spontaneous impulse to act.
accord	verb	To agree in pitch and tone.	To agree or correspond; to be in harmony; to be concordant.	To arrive at an agreement.	To bring (people) to an agreement; to reconcile, settle, adjust or harmonize.	To give consent.	To grant as suitable or proper; to concede or award.	To make to agree or correspond; to suit one thing to another; to adjust.
worried	adj	Thinking about unpleasant things that have happened or that might happen; feeling afraid and unhappy.
worried	verb	simple past and past participle of worry
convince	verb	To behave believably in a role; to make someone perceive oneself as the character being portrayed.	To confute; to prove wrong.	To make someone believe, or feel sure about something, especially by using logic, argument or evidence.	To overcome, conquer, vanquish.	To persuade.	To prove guilty; to convict.
France	name	A country located primarily in Western Europe. Official name: French Republic. Capital and largest city: Paris.	A surname from French, famously held by—	Alternative form of Frances; A female given name; feminine of Francis.	Anatole France, a French poet, journalist, and novelist.	In particular, metropolitan France, the part of France which is in Europe.
carefully	adv	Conscientiously, painstakingly, fastidiously, meticulously	Sorrowfully.	With care; attentively, circumspectly.
warn	verb	To advise or order to go or stay away.	To caution or admonish (someone) against unwise or unacceptable behaviour.	To give warning.	To make (someone) aware of (something impending); especially:	To make (someone) aware of impending danger, evil, etc.	To make a sound (e.g. clicking or whirring) indicating that it is about to strike or chime (an hour).	To notify or inform (someone, about something).	To summon (someone) to or inform of a formal meeting or duty.
guitar	noun	A stringed musical instrument, of European origin, usually with a fretted fingerboard and six strings, played with the fingers or a plectrum (guitar pick).	Any type of musical instrument of the lute family, characterized by a flat back, along with a neck whose upper surface is in the same plane as the soundboard, with strings along the neck and parallel to the soundboard.
guitar	verb	To play the guitar.
themselves	pron	The reflexive case of they, the third-person plural personal pronoun. The group of people, animals, or objects previously mentioned, as the object of a verb or following a preposition (also used for emphasis).	The reflexive case of they, the third-person singular personal pronoun. The single person previously mentioned, as the object of a verb or following a preposition (also used for emphasis).
exist	verb	to be; have existence; have being or reality
judge	noun	A person officiating at a sports event, a contest, or similar; referee.	A person who decides the fate of someone or something that has been called into question.	A person who evaluates something or forms an opinion.	A public official whose duty it is to administer the law, especially by presiding over trials and rendering judgments; a justice.	A shophet, a temporary leader appointed in times of crisis in ancient Israel.
judge	verb	To arbitrate; to pass opinion on something, especially to settle a dispute etc.	To award judicially; to adjudge.	To constitute a fitting appraisal or criterion of; to provide a basis for forming an opinion on.	To criticize or label another person or thing; to be judgmental toward.	To form an opinion on; to appraise.	To form an opinion; to infer.	To govern as biblical judge or shophet (over some jurisdiction).	To have as an opinion; to consider, suppose.	To judicially rule or determine.	To sentence to punishment, to judicially condemn.	To sit in judgment on; to pass sentence on (a person or matter).	To sit in judgment, to act as judge.
native	adj	Alternative letter-case form of Native (of or relating to the native inhabitants of the Americas, or of Australia).	Arising by birth; having an origin; born.	Belonging to one by birth.	Born or grown in the region in which it lives or is found; not foreign or imported.	Characteristic of or relating to people inhabiting a region from prehistoric times.	Naturally related; cognate; connected (with).	Occurring naturally in its pure or uncombined form.	Original; constituting the original substance of anything.	Pertaining to the system or architecture in question.	Which occurs of its own accord in a given locality, to be contrasted with a species introduced by humans.
native	noun	A native speaker.	A person of aboriginal descent, as distinguished from a person who was or whose ancestors were foreigners or settlers/colonizers. Alternative letter-case form of Native (aboriginal inhabitant of the Americas or Australia).	A person who is native to a place; a person who was born in a place.	An oyster of species Ostrea edulis.
neighbor	noun	US standard spelling of neighbour.
neighbor	verb	US standard spelling of neighbour.
speaker	noun	A book containing passages of text for use in speeches.	A key on a woodwind instrument of the clarinet family (compare octave key on other instruments) which induces the instrument to overblow.	A wooden pole or spike used by hedgers to carry loads on their shoulders. Possibly Dorset dialect.	Loudspeaker.	One who makes a speech to an audience.	One who speaks.	Speakerphone.	The chair or presiding officer of certain legislative bodies, such as the U.K. House of Commons or the U.S. House of Representatives.	The literary character uttering the lyrics of a poem or song, as opposed to the author writing the words of that character.	The producer of a given utterance, whether speech or text.
film	noun	A medium used to capture images in a camera.	A slender thread, such as that of a cobweb.	A thin layer of some substance; a pellicle; a membranous covering, causing opacity.	A visual art form that consists of a sequence of still images preserved on a recording medium to give the illusion of motion; movies generally.	The sequence of still images itself, which produces a moving image when played; a movie.
film	verb	To cover or become covered with a thin skin or pellicle.	To record (activity, or a motion picture) on photographic film.	To visually record (activity, or a motion picture) in general, with or without sound.
knowledge	noun	Acknowledgement.	Awareness of a particular fact or situation; a state of having been informed or made aware of something.	Familiarity or understanding of a particular skill, branch of learning etc.	Information or intelligence about something; notice.	Intellectual understanding; the state of appreciating truth or information.	Justified true belief	Notice, awareness.	Sexual intimacy or intercourse (now usually in phrase carnal knowledge).	Something that can be known; a branch of learning; a piece of information; a science.	The deep familiarity with certain routes and places of interest required by taxicab drivers working in London, England.	The fact of knowing about something; general understanding or familiarity with a subject, place, situation etc.	The total of what is known; all information and products of learning.
knowledge	verb	To confess as true; to acknowledge.
pen	noun	A feather, especially one of the flight feathers of a bird, angel etc.	A female swan.	A light pen.	A penitentiary, i.e. a state or federal prison for convicted felons.	A syringe-like device for injecting a dose of medication such as insulin or epinephrine. (See Injector pen.)	A tool, originally made from a feather but now usually a small tubular instrument, containing ink used to write or make marks.	A wing.	A writer, or their style.	An enclosure (enclosed area) used to contain domesticated animals, especially sheep or cattle.	Ellipsis of vapor pen (“electronic cigarette”).	Marks of ink left by a pen.	Penalty.	Penetration.	The bullpen.	The internal cartilage skeleton of a squid, shaped like a pen.	plural of pan
pen	verb	To enclose in a pen.	To write (an article, a book, etc.).
low	adj	Being a nadir, a bottom.	Being near the equator.	Below the batter's knees.	Dead. (Compare lay low.)	Depleted, or nearing deletion; lacking in supply.	Depressed in mood, dejected, sad.	Designed for a slow (or the slowest) speed.	Disparaging; assigning little value or excellence.	Favoring simplicity (see e.g. low church, Low Tory).	Grave in pitch, due to being produced by relatively slow vibrations (wave oscillations); flat.	Having a small or comparatively smaller concentration of (a substance, which is often but not always linked by "in" when predicative).	Having few hit points remaining; damaged.	Humble, meek, not haughty.	Lacking health or vitality, strength or vivacity; feeble; weak.	Lesser in value than other cards, denominations, suits, etc.	Low-cut.	Made with a relatively large opening between the tongue and the palate; made with (part of) the tongue positioned low in the mouth, relative to the palate.	Not high in status, esteem, or rank, dignity, or quality. (Compare vulgar.)	Not rich or seasoned; offering the minimum of nutritional requirements; plain, simple.	Of less than normal height or upward extent or growth, or of greater than normal depth or recession; below the average or normal level from which elevation is measured.	Pertaining to (or, especially of a language: spoken in) in an area which is at a lesser elevation, closer to sea level (especially near the sea), than other regions.	Quiet; soft; not loud.	Simple in complexity or development.	Situated close to, or even below, the ground or another normal reference plane; not high or lofty.	Small, not high (in amount or quantity, value, force, energy, etc).
low	noun	A cheap, cost-efficient, or advantageous price.	A flame; fire; blaze.	A hill.	A low point or position, literally (as, a depth) or or figuratively (as, a nadir, a time when things are at their worst, least, minimum, etc).	A period of depression; a depressed mood or situation.	An area of low pressure; a depression.	Barrow, mound, tumulus.	The lowest trump, usually the deuce; the lowest trump dealt or drawn.	The lowest-speed gearing of a power-transmission system, especially of an automotive vehicle.	The minimum atmospheric temperature recorded at a particular location, especially during one 24-hour period.
low	adv	Close to the ground.	In a low mean condition; humbly; meanly.	In a path near the equator, so that the declination is small, or near the horizon, so that the altitude is small; said of the heavenly bodies with reference to the diurnal revolution.	In a time approaching our own.	Of a pitch, at a lower frequency.	Under the usual price; at a moderate price; cheaply.	With a low voice or sound; not loudly; gently.
low	verb	Alternative form of 'low.	To burn; to blaze.	To lower; to make low.	To moo.	simple past of laugh.
match	noun	A candidate for matrimony; one to be gained in marriage.	A competitive sporting event such as a boxing meet (commonly called a "bout"), a baseball game, or a cricket match.	A device made of wood or paper, having the tip coated with chemicals that ignite with the friction of being dragged (struck) against a rough dry surface.	A marriage.	A pair of items or entities with mutually suitable characteristics.	A perforated board, block of plaster, hardened sand, etc., in which a pattern is partly embedded when a mould is made, for giving shape to the surfaces of separation between the parts of the mould.	An agreement or compact.	Any contest or trial of strength or skill, or to determine superiority.	Equality of conditions in contest or competition.	Equivalence; a state of correspondence.	Someone with a measure of an attribute equaling or exceeding the object of comparison.	Suitability.
match	verb	To agree with; to be equal to; to correspond to.	To agree; to be equal; to correspond.	To be an example of a rule or regex.	To equal or exceed in achievement.	To fit together, or make suitable for fitting together; specifically, to furnish with a tongue and groove at the edges.	To make a successful match or pairing.	To unite in marriage, to mate.
stare	verb	To be very conspicuous on account of size, prominence, colour, or brilliancy.	To influence in some way by looking fixedly.	To look fixedly (at something).	To stand out; to project; to bristle.
stare	noun	A persistent gaze.	A starling.
dish	noun	A hollow place, as in a field.	A sexually attractive person.	A specific type of prepared food.	A trough in which ore is measured.	A type of antenna with a similar shape to a plate or bowl.	A vessel such as a plate for holding or serving food, often flat with a depressed region in the middle.	Gossip.	Tableware (including cutlery, etc, as well as crockery) that is to be or is being washed after being used to prepare, serve and eat a meal.	That portion of the produce of a mine which is paid to the land owner or proprietor.	The contents of such a vessel.	The home plate.	The state of being concave, like a dish, or the degree of such concavity.
dish	verb	To frustrate; to beat; to outwit or defeat.	To gossip; to relay information about the personal situation of another.	To insult, speak ill of.	To make concave, or depress in the middle, like a dish.	To put in a dish or dishes; serve, usually food.
moon	name	Alternative letter-case form of Moon (“the Earth's only permanent natural satellite”).
moon	noun	A crescent-like outwork in a fortification.	A month, particularly a lunar month.	A representation of the moon, usually as a crescent or as a circle with a face; a crescent-shaped shape, symbol, or object.	Any natural satellite of a planet.	In hearts, the action of taking all the point cards in one hand.	The eighteenth trump/major arcana card of the tarot.	The thirty-second Lenormand card.
moon	verb	(usually followed by over or after) To fuss over something adoringly; to be infatuated with someone.	To adorn with moons or crescents.	To display one's buttocks to, typically as a jest, insult, or protest.	To expose to the rays of the Moon.	To gaze at lovingly or in adoration.	To rise in price rapidly or suddenly.	To shoot the moon.	To spend time idly, absent-mindedly.
field	noun	A competitive situation, circumstance in which one faces conflicting moves of rivals.	A component of a database in which a single unit of information is stored.	A domain of study, knowledge or practice.	A land area free of woodland, cities, and towns; an area of open country.	A non-zero commutative ring in which all non-zero elements are invertible; a simple commutative ring.	A physical or virtual location for the input of information in the form of symbols.	A physical phenomenon (such as force, potential or fluid velocity) that pervades a region; a mathematical model of such a phenomenon that associates each point and time with a scalar, vector or tensor quantity.	A place where a battle is fought; a battlefield.	A place where competitive matches are carried out with figures, or playing area in a board game or a computer game.	A place where competitive matches are carried out.	A realm of practical, direct or natural operation, contrasted with an office, classroom, or laboratory.	A region containing a particular mineral.	A section of a form which is supposed to be filled with data.	A wide, open space that is used to grow crops or to hold farm animals, usually enclosed by a fence, hedge or other barrier.	All of the competitors in any outdoor contest or trial, or all except the favourites in the betting.	An airfield, airport or air base; especially, one with unpaved runways.	An area of memory or storage reserved for a particular value, subject to virtual access controls.	An area reserved for playing a game or race with one’s physical force.	An unrestricted or favourable opportunity for action, operation, or achievement.	Any of certain structures serving cognition.	Any of various figurative meanings, often dead metaphors.	Archaic form of fielder.	Part (usually one half) of a frame in an interlaced signal.	The background of the flag.	The background of the shield.	The extent of a given perception.	The open country near or belonging to a town or city.	The outfield.	The part of a coin left unoccupied by the main device.	The team in a match that throws the ball and tries to catch it when it is hit by the other team (the bat).
field	verb	To answer; to address.	To be the team catching and throwing the ball, as opposed to hitting it.	To deploy in the field.	To execute research (in the field).	To intercept or catch (a ball) and play it.	To place (a team, its players, etc.) in a game.
instead	adv	In the place of something (usually mentioned earlier); as a substitute or alternative.
boat	noun	A conveyance, utensil, or dish somewhat resembling a boat in shape.	A craft used for transportation of goods, fishing, racing, recreational cruising, or military use on or in the water, propelled by oars or outboard motor or inboard motor or by wind.	A full house.	A large and heavy car; the term connotes wasteful size.	Alternative form of BOAT.	In Conway’s Game of Life, a particular still life consisting of a dead cell surrounded by five living cells.	One of two possible conformations of cyclohexane rings (the other being chair), shaped roughly like a boat.	The refugee boats arriving in Australian waters, and by extension, refugees generally.
boat	verb	To place in a boat.	To transport (deport to a penal colony).	To transport in a boat.	To travel by boat.
left	adj	Designating the bank of a river (etc.) on one's left when facing downstream (i.e. facing forward while floating with the current); that is, the north bank of a river that flows eastward. If this arrow: ⥲ shows the direction of the current, the tilde is on the left side of the river.	Designating the side of the body toward the west when one is facing north; the side of the body on which the heart is located in most humans; the opposite of right. This arrow points to the reader's left: ←	Left-wing; pertaining to the political left.
left	adv	On the left side.	Towards the left side.	Towards the political left.
left	noun	A punch delivered with the left fist.	A wave breaking from left to right (viewed from the shore).	The left hand or fist.	The left side or direction.	The left-wing political parties as a group; citizens holding left-wing views as a group.
left	verb	simple past and past participle of leave (“depart, separate from; (cause or allow to) remain”).	simple past and past participle of leave (“permit”).
stuff	noun	A material for making clothing; any woven textile, but especially a woollen fabric.	A medicine or mixture; a potion.	A melted mass of turpentine, tallow, etc., with which the masts, sides, and bottom of a ship are smeared for lubrication.	Abstract/figurative substance or character.	Boards used for building.	Furniture; goods; domestic vessels or utensils.	Miscellaneous items or objects; (with possessive) personal effects.	Money.	Narcotic drugs, especially heroin.	Paper stock ground ready for use. When partly ground, it is called half stuff.	Refuse or worthless matter; hence, also, foolish or irrational language.	The tangible substance that goes into the makeup of a physical object.	Unspecified things or matters.	Used as placeholder, usually for material of unknown type or name.
stuff	verb	To break; to destroy.	To compress (a file or files) in the StuffIt format, to be unstuffed later.	To crowd with facts; to cram the mind of; sometimes, to crowd or fill with false or idle tales or fancies.	To cut off another competitor in a race by disturbing his projected and committed racing line (trajectory) by an abrupt manoeuvre.	To eat, especially in a hearty or greedy manner.	To fill a space with (something) in a compressed manner.	To fill by packing or crowding something into; to cram with something; to load to excess.	To fill with seasoning.	To form or fashion by packing with the necessary material.	To heavily defeat or get the better of.	To load goods into (a container) for transport.	To obstruct, as any of the organs; to affect with some obstruction in the organs of sense or respiration.	To preserve a dead bird or other animal by filling its skin.	To sate.	To sexually penetrate.	Used to contemptuously dismiss or reject something. See also stuff it.
storm	noun	A disturbed state of the atmosphere between a severe or strong gale and a hurricane on the modern Beaufort scale, with a wind speed of between 89 and 102 kilometres per hour (55–63 miles per hour; 10 on the scale, known as a "storm" or whole gale), or of between 103 and 117 kilometres per hour (64–72 miles per hour; 11 on the scale, known as a "violent storm").	A heavy expulsion or fall of things (as blows, objects which are thrown, etc.).	A heavy fall of precipitation (hail, rain, or snow) or bout of lightning and thunder without strong winds; a hail storm, rainstorm, snowstorm, or thunderstorm.	A period of frosty and/or snowy weather.	A violent agitation of human society; a domestic, civil, or political commotion.	A violent assault on a fortified position or stronghold.	A violent commotion or outbreak of sounds, speech, thoughts, etc.; also, an outpouring of emotion.	Any disturbed state of the atmosphere causing destructive or unpleasant weather, especially one affecting the earth's surface involving strong winds (leading to high waves at sea) and usually lightning, thunder, and precipitation.	Chiefly with a qualifying word: a violent attack of diease, pain, physiological reactions, symptoms, etc.; a paroxysm.	Ellipsis of storm window (“a second window (originally detachable) attached on the exterior side of a window in climates with harsh winters, to add an insulating layer of still air between the outside and inside”).	Synonym of cyclone (“a weather phenomenon consisting of a system of winds rotating around a centre of low atmospheric pressure”).
storm	verb	Of the weather: to be violent, with strong winds and usually lightning and thunder, and/or hail, rain, or snow.	Preceded by the dummy subject it: to have strong winds and usually lightning and thunder, and/or hail, rain, or snow.	To assault or gain control or power over (someone's heart, mind, etc.).	To be exposed to harsh (especially cold) weather.	To be in a violent temper; to use harsh language; to fume, to rage.	To catch up (on production output) by making frenzied or herculean efforts.	To disturb or trouble (someone).	To make (someone or something) stormy; to agitate (someone or something) violently.	To move noisily and quickly like a storm (noun sense 1), usually in a state of anger or uproar.	To move quickly in the course of an assault on a fortified position or stronghold, a building, etc.	To protect (seed-hay) from stormy weather by putting sheaves of them into small stacks.	To use (harsh language).	To violently assault (a fortified position or stronghold, a building, etc.) with the aim of gaining control of it.
Christmas	name	A census-designated place in Orange County, Florida.	A festival or holiday commemorating the birth of Jesus Christ and incorporating various Christian, pre-Christian, pagan, and secular customs, which in Western Christianity is celebrated on December 25 (Christmas Day) in most places.	A number of places in the United States:	A surname.	An unincorporated community in Au Train Township, Alger County, Michigan.	An unincorporated community in Bolivar County, Mississippi.	An uninhabited mining community in Gila County, Arizona.	Ellipsis of Christmas season (“the period of time before and after Christmas Day, during which people prepare for and celebrate Christmas”); Christmastime.
Christmas	noun	Sprigs of holly and other evergreen plants used as Christmas decorations; also (generally), any Christmas decorations.
Christmas	adj	Of a dish: having a sauce made with red (ripe) and green (unripe) chili peppers.	Red and green in color.
Christmas	verb	To bring (someone) Christmas cheer.	To celebrate Christmas.	To decorate (a place) with Christmas (“sprigs of holly and other evergreen plants used as Christmas decorations, or any Christmas decorations”).	To spend Christmas or the Christmas season in some place.	To subject to Christmas celebrations.
Christmas	intj	An expression of annoyance or surprise: Christ, Jesus Christ, Jiminy Cricket, Jiminy Crickets.
university	noun	Institution of higher education (typically accepting students from the age of about 17 or 18, depending on country, but in some exceptional cases able to take younger students) where subjects are studied and researched in depth and degrees are offered.	The entirety of a group; all members of a class.
crime	noun	A specific act committed in violation of the law, especially criminal law.	Any great sin or wickedness; iniquity.	Criminal acts collectively.	That which occasions crime.	The habit or practice of committing crimes.
crime	verb	To commit crime.	To subject to disciplinary punishment.
wood	noun	A forested or wooded area.	A peckerwood.	A type of golf club, the head of which was traditionally made of wood.	A woodwind instrument.	An erection of the penis.	Chess pieces.	Firewood.	The substance making up the central part of the trunk and branches of a tree. Used as a material for construction, to manufacture various items, etc. or as fuel.	The wood from a particular species of tree.
wood	verb	To cover or plant with trees.	To hide behind trees.	To supply with wood, or get supplies of wood for.	To take or get a supply of wood.
wood	adj	Mad, insane, crazed.
scared	adj	Feeling fear; afraid, frightened.
scared	verb	simple past and past participle of scare
holiday	noun	A day declared free from work by the state or government.	A day on which a festival, religious event, or national celebration is traditionally observed.	A gap in coverage, e.g. of paint on a surface, or sonar imagery.	A period during which pupils do not attend their school; often plural; rarely used for students at university (usually: vacation).	A period during which, by agreement, the usual payments are not made.	A period of one or more days taken off work for leisure and often travel; often plural.
holiday	verb	To spend a period of time in recreational travel.	To take a period of time away from work or study.
glasses	noun	Field glasses; binoculars.	Spectacles, frames bearing two lenses worn in front of the eyes.	plural of glass
glasses	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of glass
church	noun	A Christian house of worship; a building where Christian religious services take place.	A local group of people who follow the same Christian religious beliefs, local or general.	A particular denomination of Christianity.	Any religious group or place of worship; a temple.	Assembly.	Christian worship held at a church; service.	Christians collectively seen as a single spiritual community; Christianity; Christendom.	Organized religion in general or a specific religion considered as a political institution.
church	verb	To conduct a religious service for (a woman after childbirth, or a newly married couple).	To educate someone religiously, as in in a church.
church	intj	Used to express strong agreement.
television	noun	An electronic communication medium that allows the transmission of real-time visual images, and often sound.	An electronic home entertainment device equipped with a screen and a speaker for receiving television signals and displaying them in audio-visual form.	Collectively, the programs broadcast via the medium of television.	Vision at a distance.
television	verb	To watch television.
apartment	noun	A complete domicile occupying only part of a building, especially one for rent; a flat.	A conceptual space used for separation in the threading architecture. Objects in one apartment cannot directly access those in another, but must use a proxy.	A division of an enclosure that is separate from others; a compartment.	A suite of rooms within a domicile, designated for a specific person or persons and including a bedroom.
action	noun	A charge or other process in a law court (also called lawsuit and actio).	A demonstration by activists.	A process existing in or produced by nature (rather than by the intent of human beings).	A religious performance or solemn function, i.e. action sermon, a sacramental sermon in the Scots Presbyterian Church.	A share in the capital stock of a joint-stock company, or in the public funds.	A way in which each element of some algebraic structure transforms some other structure or set, in a way which respects the structure of the first. Formally, this may be seen as a morphism from the first structure into some structure of endomorphisms of the second; for example, a group action of a group G on a set S can be seen as a group homomorphism from G into the set of bijections on S (which form a group under function composition), while a module M over a ring R can be defined as an abelian group together with a ring homomorphism from R into the ring of group endomorphisms of M (which is also called the action of R on M).	A way of motion or functioning.	Combat.	Fast-paced activity.	Purposeful behavior.	Sexual intercourse.	Something done, often so as to accomplish a purpose.	The attitude or position of the several parts of the body as expressive of the sentiment or passion depicted.	The distance separating the strings and the fingerboard on a string instrument.	The effort of performing or doing something.	The event or connected series of events, either real or imaginary, forming the subject of a play, poem, or other composition; the unfolding of the drama of events.	The mechanism, that is the set of moving mechanical parts, of a keyboard instrument, like a piano, which transfers the motion of the key to the sound-making device.	The product of energy and time, especially the product of the Lagrangian and time.	The way in which a mechanical device acts when used; especially a firearm.	The way in which cartridges are loaded, locked, and extracted from the mechanism.	spin put on the bowling ball.
action	intj	Demanding or signifying the start of something, usually a performance.
action	adj	arrogant
action	verb	To act on a request etc, in order to put it into effect.	To initiate a legal action against someone.
green	adj	Being or relating to the green currencies of the European Union.	Describing a pitch which, even if there is no visible grass, still contains a significant amount of moisture.	Environmentally friendly.	Full of life and vigour; fresh and vigorous; new; recent; young.	Having a color charge of green.	Having a sexual connotation; indecent; lewd; risqué; obscene; profane.	Having a status (as correct, ready, or safe) denoted or coded by the color green.	High or too high in acidity.	Inexperienced.	Islamist.	Naive or unaware of obvious facts.	Not fully roasted; half raw.	Of a green hue; with a hue which is of grass or leaves.	Of a green party, environmentalism-oriented.	Of bacon or similar smallgoods: unprocessed, raw, unsmoked; not smoked or spiced.	Of film: freshly processed by the laboratory and not yet fully physically hardened.	Of freshly cut wood or lumber that has not been dried: containing moisture and therefore relatively more flexible or springy.	Of or pertaining to a part formed from compacted metal powder which has not yet undergone sintering to improve its strength.	Overcome with envy.	Sickly, unwell.	Subject to or involving a model of open access in which a published article is only available to read for free after an embargo period.	Unripe, said of certain fruits that change color when they ripen.
green	noun	A grassy plain; a piece of ground covered with verdant herbage.	A green light used as a signal.	A member of a green party; an environmentalist.	A public patch of land in the middle of a settlement.	A putting green, the part of a golf course near the hole.	Any substance or pigment of a green color.	Ellipsis of green room.	Fresh leaves or branches of trees or other plants; wreaths.	Marijuana.	Money.	One of the color balls used in snooker, with a value of 3 points.	One of the three color charges for quarks.	The color of grass and leaves; a primary additive color midway between yellow and blue which is evoked by light between roughly 495–570 nm.	The surface upon which bowls is played.
green	verb	To add greenspaces to (a town, etc.).	To become environmentally aware.	To become or grow green in color.	To make (something) environmentally friendly.	To make (something) green, to turn (something) green.
Australia	name	A continent consisting of the land on the Australian tectonic plate, i.e. Australia, New Guinea and intervening islands.	A country consisting of a main island, the island of Tasmania and other smaller islands, located in Oceania; historically, a collection of former colonies of the British Empire. Official name: Commonwealth of Australia. Capital: Canberra.	An island of Oceania.
club	noun	A black clover shape (♣), one of the four symbols used to mark the suits of playing cards.	A club sandwich.	A heavy object, often a kind of stick, intended for use as a bludgeoning weapon or a plaything.	A joint charge of expense, or any person's share of it; a contribution to a common fund.	A playing card marked with such a symbol.	An association of members joining together for some common purpose, especially sports or recreation.	An establishment that provides staged entertainment, often with food and drink, such as a nightclub.	An implement to hit the ball in certain ball games, such as golf.	Any set of people with a shared characteristic.	The fees associated with belonging to such a club.	The propeller of an aeroplane.	The slice of bread in the middle of a club sandwich.
club	verb	To combine into a club-shaped mass.	To drift in a current with an anchor out.	To go to nightclubs.	To hit with a club.	To join together to form a group.	To pay an equal or proportionate share of a common charge or expense.	To raise, or defray, by a proportional assessment.	To score a victory over by a large margin.	To throw, or allow to fall, into confusion.	To turn the breech of (a musket) uppermost, so as to use it as a club.	To unite, or contribute, for the accomplishment of a common end.
worker	noun	A female ant, bee, termite or wasp.	A nonreproductive social insect, such as ant, bee, termite, or wasp.	A thread performing one instance of a particular task within a program.	One who works: a person who performs labor for a living; traditionally, especially, manual labor.
lack	noun	A defect or failing; moral or spiritual degeneracy.	A deficiency or need (of something desirable or necessary); an absence, want, dearth.	Archaic form of lakh.
lack	verb	To be in want.	To be short (of or for something).	To be without, not to have, to need, to require.	To see the deficiency in (someone or something); to find fault with, to malign, reproach.
fit	adj	Adapted to a purpose or environment.	In good shape; physically well.	Prepared; ready.	Sexually attractive; good-looking; fanciable.	Suitable; proper
fit	verb	To adjust.	To attach, especially when requiring exact positioning or sizing.	To be in agreement with.	To be in harmony.	To be of the right size and shape	To be proper or becoming.	To be seemly.	To be suitable for.	To conform to in size and shape.	To equip or supply.	To have sufficient space available at some location to be able to be there.	To make conform in size and shape.	To make ready.	To suffer a fit.	To tailor; to change to the appropriate size.	simple past and past participle of fight; fought.
fit	noun	A section of a poem or ballad.	A seizure or convulsion.	A sudden and vigorous appearance of a symptom over a short period of time.	A sudden burst (of an activity).	A sudden outburst of emotion.	An outfit, a set of clothing.	Conformity of elements one to another.	Goodness of fit.	Measure of how well a particular commercial execution captures the character or values of a brand.	The degree to which something fits.	The part of an object upon which anything fits tightly.	The quality of a partnership's combined holding of cards in a suit, particularly of trump.
type	noun	A blood group.	A grouping based on shared characteristics; a class.	A letter or character used for printing, historically a cast or engraved block.	A part of the partition of the object domain of a logical theory (which due to the existence of such partition, would be called a typed theory). (Note: this corresponds to the notion of "data type" in computing theory.)	A simple compound, used as a mode or pattern to which other compounds are conveniently regarded as being related, and from which they may be actually or theoretically derived.	A symbol, emblem, or example of something.	A tag attached to variables and values used in determining which kinds of value can be used in which situations; a data type.	A word that occurs in a text or corpus irrespective of how many times it occurs, as opposed to a token.	An event or person that prefigures or foreshadows a later event - commonly an Old Testament event linked to Christian times.	An individual considered typical of its class, one regarded as typifying a certain profession, environment, etc.	An individual that represents the ideal for its class; an embodiment.	Preferred sort of person; sort of person that one is attracted to.	Something, often a specimen, selected as an objective anchor to connect a scientific name to a taxon; this need not be representative or typical.	Such types collectively, or a set of type of one font or size.	Text printed with such type, or imitating its characteristics.	The original object, or class of objects, scene, face, or conception, which becomes the subject of a copy; especially, the design on the face of a medal or a coin.
type	verb	To categorize into types.	To determine the blood type of.	To enter text or commands into a computer using a keyboard.	To furnish an expression or copy of; to represent; to typify.	To put text on paper using a typewriter.	To represent by a type, model, or symbol beforehand; to prefigure.
type	adv	Very, extremely.
example	noun	A parallel or closely similar case, especially when serving as a precedent or model.	A person punished as a warning to others.	An instance (as a problem to be solved) serving to illustrate the rule or precept or to act as an exercise in the application of the rule.	Something that is representative of all such things in a group.	Something that serves as a pattern of behaviour to be imitated (a good example) or not to be imitated (a bad example).	Something that serves to illustrate or explain a rule.
example	verb	To be illustrated or exemplified (by).
single	adj	Designed for the use of only one.	Having only one rank or row of petals.	Not accompanied by anything else; one in number.	Not divided in parts.	Not married, and (in modern times) not dating or without a significant other.	Performed by one person, or one on each side.	Simple and honest; sincere, without deceit.	Simple; foolish; weak; silly.	Uncompounded; pure; unmixed.
single	noun	A 45 RPM vinyl record with one song on side A and one on side B.	A bill valued at $1.	A floating-point number having half the precision of a double-precision value.	A game with one player on each side, as in tennis.	A handful of gleaned grain.	A hit in baseball where the batter advances to first base.	A one-way ticket.	A popular song released and sold (on any format) nominally on its own though usually having at least one extra track.	A score of one point, awarded when a kicked ball is dead within the non-kicking team's end zone or has exited that end zone.	A score of one run.	A shot of only one character.	A single cigarette.	A tile that has a different value (i.e. number of pips) at each end.	One of the reeled filaments of silk, twisted without doubling to give them firmness.	One who is not married or does not have a romantic partner.	Synonym of single-driver.
single	verb	To get a hit that advances the batter exactly one base.	To reduce (a railway) to single track.	To sequester; to withdraw; to retire.	To take alone, or one by one; to single out.	To take the irregular gait called singlefoot.	To thin out.
welcome	adj	Followed by to: free to have or enjoy gratuitously.	Producing gladness.	Whose arrival is a cause of joy; received with gladness; admitted willingly to the house, entertainment, or company.
welcome	intj	Ellipsis of you're welcome..	Greeting given upon someone's arrival.
welcome	noun	Kind reception of a guest or newcomer.	The act of greeting someone’s arrival, especially by saying "Welcome!"; reception.	The state of being a welcome guest.	The utterance of such a greeting.
welcome	verb	To accept something willingly or gladly.	To affirm or greet the arrival of someone, especially by saying "Welcome!".
afford	verb	To give forth; to supply, yield, or produce as the natural result, fruit, or issue.	To give, grant, or confer, with a remoter reference to its being the natural result; to provide; to furnish.	To incur, stand, or bear without serious detriment, as an act which might under other circumstances be injurious; (usually after an expression of ability, as could, able, difficult) to be able or rich enough; to spare.	To offer, provide, or supply, as in selling, granting or expending, with profit, or without too great a loss.
likely	adj	Appropriate, suitable; believable; promising, having a good potential.	Attractive; pleasant.	Leading with high probability to some specified outcome.	Plausible; within the realm of credibility.	Probable; having a greater-than-even chance of occurring.	Reasonably to be expected; apparently destined, probable.	Similar; like; alike.
likely	noun	Something or somebody considered likely.
likely	adv	Probably.	Similarly.
wonderful	adj	Surprisingly excellent; very good or admirable, extremely impressive.	Tending to excite wonder; surprising, extraordinary.
wonderful	adv	Exceedingly, to a great extent.
sweet	adj	Alkaline.	An intensifier.	Doing well; in a good or happy position.	Free from excessive unwanted substances like acid or sulphur.	Fresh; not salt or brackish.	Not decaying, fermented, rancid, sour, spoiled, or stale.	Not of a salty taste.	Of a helpful disposition.	Of a pleasant smell.	Of a pleasant sound.	Of a pleasing disposition.	Pleasing to the eye; beautiful; mild and attractive; fair.	Retaining a portion of sugar.	Romantically fixated; enamored with; fond of.	Tasting of sugars.	Very pleasing; agreeable.
sweet	intj	Used as a positive response to good news or information.
sweet	adv	In a pleasant manner.
sweet	noun	A confection made from sugar, or high in sugar content; a candy.	A food eaten for dessert.	Sweetness, delight; something pleasant to the mind or senses.	Synonym of sweetheart, a term of affection.	That which is sweet or pleasant in odour; a perfume.	The basic taste sensation induced by sugar.
sweet	verb	To sweeten.
slowly	adv	At a slow pace.
soldier	noun	A brick, for example in a course of brickwork, that is laid vertically on its shortest end (smallest face), so that its tallest and slimmest face faces the outside of the wall.	A guardsman.	A low-ranking gangster or member of a gang, especially the mafia, who engages in physical conflict.	A member of a ground-based army, of any rank, but especially an enlisted member.	A member of the Salvation Army.	A piece of buttered bread (or toast), cut into a long thin strip for dipping into a soft-boiled egg.	A red herring (cured kipper with flesh turned red).	A term of approbation for a young boy.	A xiangqi piece that moves and captures by advancing one point. Once it has crossed the river, it may also move and capture one point horizontally.	An enlisted member of a military service, as distinguished from a commissioned officer.	Any member of a military, regardless of specialty.	One of the asexual polymorphic forms of termites, in which the head and jaws are very large and strong. The soldiers serve to defend the nest.	Someone who fights or toils well.	The red or cuckoo gurnard (Chelidonichthys cuculus).
soldier	verb	To continue steadfast; to keep striving.	To intentionally restrict labor productivity; to work at the slowest rate that goes unpunished.	To serve as a soldier.	To take a ride on (another person's horse) without permission.
airport	noun	An airfield (an area designated for the takeoff and landing of aircraft), including one or more runways and (for commercial airports) one or more passenger terminals.
argue	verb	To accuse.	To debate, disagree, or discuss opposing or differing viewpoints; to controvert; to wrangle.	To have an argument, a quarrel.	To present (a viewpoint or an argument therefor).	To prove.	To show grounds for concluding (that); to indicate, imply.
finger	noun	A criminal who scouts for prospective victims and targets or who performs reconnaissance before a crime.	A leaf in a finger tree data structure.	A lobe of the liver.	A part of a glove intended to cover a finger.	A person.	A policeman or prison guard.	A slender jointed extremity of the human hand, (often) exclusive of the thumb.	A tube extending from a sealed system, or sometimes into one in the case of a cold finger.	A unit of length notionally based on the length of an adult human's middle finger, standardized as 4½ inches (11.43 cm).	An act of fingering (inserting a finger into someone's vagina or rectum for sexual pleasure).	An informal measure of alcohol based on its height in a given glass compared to the width of the pourer's fingers while holding it.	An informer to the police, (especially) one who identifies a criminal during a lineup.	An obscene or insulting gesture made by raising one's middle finger towards someone with the palm of one's hand facing inwards.	Any of the individual receivers used in a rake receiver to decode signal components.	Clipping of finger pier (“a shorter, narrower pier projecting from a larger dock”).	Finger-shaped pieces of food.	One of the slender bony structures before the pectoral fins of gurnards and sea robins (Triglidae).	One of the supporting structures of wings in birds, bats, etc. evolved from earlier toes or fingers.	Similar or similar-looking extremities in other animals	Similar or similar-looking extremities in other animals, particularly	Skill in the use of the fingers, as in playing upon a musical instrument.	Someone skilled in the use of their fingers, (especially) a pickpocket.	Something similar in function or agency to the human finger, (usually) with regard to touching, grasping, or pointing.	Something similar in shape to the human finger	Something similar in shape to the human finger, particularly	Something similarly extending, (especially) from a larger body	Something similarly extending, (especially) from a larger body, particularly	Synonym of digit: former units of measure notionally based on its width but variously standardized, (especially) the English digit of ¹⁄₁₆ foot (about 1.9 cm).	Synonym of digit: ¹⁄₁₂ the observed diameter of the sun or moon, (especially) with regard to eclipses.	Synonym of foxglove (D. purpurea).	Synonym of hand, the part of a clock pointing to the hour, minute, or second.	Synonym of jet bridge: the narrow elevated walkway connecting a plane to an airport.	That which points; an indicator, as of guilt, blame, or suspicion.	The lower, smaller segment of an arthropod claw.	The projections of a reaper or mower which similarly separate the stalks for cutting.	The teeth parallel to the blade of a scythe, fitted to a wooden frame called a crade.	Various protruding plant structures, as a banana from its hand.	Various units of measure based or notionally based on the adult human finger, particularly
finger	verb	To execute, as any delicate work.	To identify or point out; to blame for something.	To poke, probe, feel, or fondle with a finger or fingers.	To provide instructions in written music as to which fingers are to be used to produce particular notes or passages.	To query (a user's status) using the Finger protocol.	To report to or identify for the authorities; to inform on.	To steal; to purloin.	To use specified finger positions in producing notes on a musical instrument.	To use the fingers to penetrate or sexually stimulate one's own or another person's vulva, vagina, or anus.
York	name	A city in Sumter County, Alabama.	A city, the county seat of York County, Nebraska.	A city, the county seat of York County, Pennsylvania.	A city, the county seat of York County, South Carolina.	A city, unitary authority, and borough of North Yorkshire, England.	A coastal town in Sierra Leone.	A community and rural municipality of Queens County, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	A community in Haldimand County, Ontario, Canada.	A district and former municipality of Toronto, Canada.	A habitational surname from Old English from the city or the county; See also Yorke.	A hamlet in Billington and Langho parish, Ribble Valley district, Lancashire, England (OS grid ref SD7033).	A neighbourhood of Edmonton, Alberta, Canada.	A number of places in the United States:	A number of townships in the United States, listed under York Township.	A place in Canada:	A place in the United Kingdom:	A placename:	A regional municipality of Ontario, Canada.	A royal dukedom traditionally given to the second son of the reigning monarch of the United Kingdom.	A small town in Clark County, Wisconsin.	A small town in Dane County, Wisconsin.	A small town in Green County, Wisconsin.	A tiny city in Benson County, North Dakota.	A town and local government area (the Shire of York), in the Wheatbelt region, Western Australia.	A town in Livingston County, New York.	A town in York County, Maine.	An unincorporated community in Atchison County, Missouri.	An unincorporated community in Clark County, Illinois.	An unincorporated community in Jackson County, Wisconsin.	An unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Sandusky County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Steuben County, Indiana.	Ellipsis of York County.	Former name of Toronto (used before 1834): a city in Ontario, Canada.	The House of York, a dynasty of English kings and one of the opposing factions involved in the 15th century Wars of the Roses. The name comes from the fact that its members were descended from Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York; their symbol was a white rose.
lake	noun	A kind of fine, white linen.	A large amount of liquid; as, a wine lake.	A large, landlocked stretch of water or similar liquid.	A pit, or ditch.	A small stream of running water; a channel for water; a drain.	An offering, sacrifice, gift.	In dyeing and painting, an often fugitive crimson or vermilion pigment derived from an organic colorant (cochineal or madder, for example) and an inorganic, generally metallic mordant.	In the composition of colors for use in products intended for human consumption, made by extending on a substratum of alumina, a salt prepared from one of the certified water-soluble straight colors.	Play; sport; game; fun; glee.
lake	verb	Subject biological cells to repeated cycles of freezing and thawing until lysis.	To leap, jump, exert oneself, play.	To make lake-red.	To present an offering.
wedding	verb	To participate in a wedding.	present participle and gerund of wed
wedding	noun	A marriage ceremony; a ritual officially celebrating the beginning of a marriage.	The joining of two or more parts.
search	noun	An attempt to find something.	The act of searching in general.
search	verb	To examine; to try; to put to the test.	To look for, seek.	To look in (a place) for something.	To look thoroughly.	To probe or examine (a wound).	To put a phrase into a search engine, especially one besides Google.
empty	adj	Containing no elements (as of a string, array, or set), opposed to being null (having no valid value).	Destitute of effect, sincerity, or sense; said of language.	Destitute of reality, or real existence; unsubstantial.	Destitute of, or lacking, sense, knowledge, or courtesy.	Devoid of content; containing nothing or nobody; vacant.	Free; clear; devoid; often with of.	Having nothing to carry, emptyhanded; unburdened.	Hungry.	Lacking between the onset of tasting and the finish.	Not pregnant; not producing offspring when expected to do so during the breeding season.	Producing nothing; unfruitful.	Unable to satisfy; hollow; vain.
empty	verb	Of a river, duct, etc: to drain or flow toward an ultimate destination.	To make empty; to remove the contents of.
empty	noun	A container, especially a bottle, whose contents have been used up, leaving it empty.
nervous	adj	Affecting or involving the nerves or nervous system.	Apprehensive, anxious, hesitant, worried.	Easily agitated or alarmed; edgy, on edge.	Full of sinews.	Having strong or prominent sinews; sinewy, muscular.	Nervose.	Of a piece of writing, literary style etc.: forceful, powerful.	Of nerves.	Of sinews and tendons.	Supplied with nerves; innervated.
within	prep	Before the specified duration ends.	In the inner part, spatially; physically inside.	In the scope or range of.
within	adv	In or into the interior; inside.
within	adj	In the context of which the present document or ruling is made.
complete	verb	To call from the small blind in an unraised pot.	To finish; to make done; to reach the end.	To make whole or entire.
complete	adj	Complete as a topological group with respect to its m-adic topology, where m is its unique maximal idea.	Finished; ended; concluded; completed.	Generic intensifier.	In which all small limits exist.	In which every Cauchy sequence converges to a point within the space.	In which every semantically valid well-formed formula is provable.	In which every set with a lower bound has a greatest lower bound.	That is in a given complexity class and is such that every other problem in the class can be reduced to it (usually in polynomial time or logarithmic space).	With all parts included; with nothing missing; full.
complete	noun	A completed survey.
prison	noun	A place or institution where people are held against their will, in the US especially for long-term confinement, as of those convicted of serious crimes or otherwise considered undesirable by the government.	Any restrictive environment, such as a harsh academy or home.	Confinement in prison.
prison	verb	To imprison.
grandfather	noun	A father of someone's parent.	A male forefather.	The archived older version of a file that immediately preceded the father file.
grandfather	verb	To be, or act as, a grandfather to.	To retain discontinued laws or rules for (an object, individual or organization previously affected by them).
lend	verb	To afford; to grant or furnish in general.	To allow to be used by someone temporarily, on condition that it or its equivalent will be returned.	To be suitable or applicable, to fit.	To borrow.	To make a loan.
lend	noun	Loan (permission to borrow (something)).	The loins; flank; buttocks.	The lumbar region; loin.
murder	noun	A group of crows; the collective noun for crows.	Something remarkable or impressive.	Something terrible to endure.	The act of committing or abetting a crime that results in the killing of a person, regardless of intent, and even if the committer or abettor is not the one who killed the person: felony murder.	The act of killing a person (or sometimes another being) unlawfully, especially with predetermination	The crime of killing a person unlawfully, especially with predetermination.	a murderer
murder	verb	To botch or mangle.	To defeat decisively.	To devour, ravish.	To illegally kill (a person or persons) with intent, especially with predetermination	To kick someone's ass or chew someone out (used to express one’s anger at somebody).
singer	noun	A machine for singeing cloth.	A person who sings, often professionally.	A person who, or device which, singes.	dance figure with a fixed structure, sung by a caller, or a piece of music with that structure.
race	noun	A breed or strain of domesticated animal.	A category or kind of thing distinguished by common characteristics.	A contest between people, animals, vehicles, etc. where the goal is to be the first to reach some objective.	A fast-moving current of water.	A groove on a sewing machine or a loom along which the shuttle moves.	A group of organisms distinguished by common characteristics; often an informal infraspecific rank in taxonomy, below species	A group of organisms distinguished by common characteristics; often an informal infraspecific rank in taxonomy, below species:	A group of sentient beings, particularly people, distinguished by common ancestry, heritage or characteristics (see Wikipedia's article on historical definitions of race):	A guide or channel that a component of a machine moves along:	A keno gambling session.	A large group of nonhumans distinguished from others on the basis of a common heritage.	A large group of people distinguished from others on the basis of a common heritage.	A large group of people distinguished from others on the basis of common physical characteristics, such as skin color or hair type.	A large group of people distinguished from others on the basis of shared characteristics or qualities, for example social qualities.	A path that something or someone moves along.	A population geographically separated from others of its species that develops significantly different characteristics; a mating group.	A race condition; a bug or problem that occurs when two or more components attempt to use the same resource at the same time.	A rhizome or root, especially of ginger.	A ring with a groove in which rolling elements (such as balls) ride, forming part of a rolling-element bearing (for example, a ball bearing).	A sequence of events; a progressive movement toward a goal.	A step in a lineage or succession; a generation.	A strain of microorganism, fungi, etc.	A strain of plant with characteristics causing it to differ from other plants of the same species.	A water channel, especially one built to lead water to or from a point where it is utilised, such as that which powers a millwheel.	Ancestry, lineage.	Characteristic quality or disposition.	Peculiar flavour, taste, or strength, as of wine; that quality, or assemblage of qualities, which indicates origin or kind, as in wine; hence, characteristic flavour.	Progeny, offspring, descendants.	Swift progress; rapid motion; an instance of moving or driving at high speed.	The sexual activity of conceiving and bearing biological offspring.
race	verb	Alternative spelling of raze.	To alter (a document) by erasing parts of it.	To assign a race to; to perceive as having a (usually specified) race.	To compete against in a race (contest).	To completely remove (someone or something), especially from a place, a situation, etc.; also, to remove from existence; to destroy, to obliterate.	To cut, scratch, or tear (someone or something) with a sharp object; to lacerate, to slash; specifically (nautical), to make marks on (something, such as a piece of wood) using a race knife.	To erase (a record, text, etc.), originally by scraping; to rub out, to scratch out.	To erase; to delete; to edit:	To level or tear down (a building, a town, etc.) to the ground; to demolish.	To make (a path or way) through something by cutting or tearing.	To make a cut or slash in (an item of clothing or footwear) as a decoration.	To move or drive at high speed; to hurry or speed.	To pass down certain phenotypic traits to offspring.	To physically destroy; to obliterate:	To pluck or snatch (something); also, to pull (something).	To run rapidly when not engaged to a transmission.	To sharpen (a grindstone) by scraping its surface.	To take part in a race (in the sense of a contest).
note	noun	A brief piece of writing intended to assist the memory; a memorandum; a minute.	A brief remark; a marginal comment or explanation; hence, an annotation on a text or author; a comment; a critical, explanatory, or illustrative observation.	A call or song of a bird.	A character, variously formed, to indicate the length of a tone, and variously placed upon the staff to indicate its pitch.	A critical comment.	A diplomatic missive or written communication.	A key of the piano or organ.	A list of items or of charges; an account.	A mark or token by which a thing may be known; a visible sign; a character; a distinctive mark or feature; a characteristic quality.	A mark, or sign, made to call attention, to point out something to notice, or the like; a sign, or token, proving or giving evidence.	A musical sound; a tone; an utterance; a tune.	A piece of paper money; a banknote.	A short informal letter; a billet.	A small size of paper used for writing letters or notes.	A sound.	A symbol or annotation.	A written or printed communication or commitment.	A written or printed paper (or digital equivalent) acknowledging a debt, and promising payment.	An academic treatise (often without regard to length); a treatment; a discussion paper; (loosely) any contribution to an academic discourse.	An indication which players have to click, type, hit, tap or do other actions if it appears	Mark of disgrace.	Notification; information; intelligence.	Observation; notice; heed.	Reputation; distinction.	That which is needed or necessary; business; duty; work.	The giving of milk by a cow or sow; the period following calving or farrowing during which a cow or sow is at her most useful (i.e. gives milk); the milk given by a cow or sow during such a period.
note	verb	To annotate.	To denote; to designate.	To notice with care; to observe; to remark; to heed.	To record in writing; to make a memorandum of.	To record on the back of (a bill, draft, etc.) a refusal of acceptance, as the ground of a protest, which is done officially by a notary.	To set down in musical characters.
fishing	noun	A fishery, a place for catching fish.	Commercial fishing: the business or industry of catching fish and other seafood for sale.	The act of catching fish.	The act of catching other forms of seafood, separately or together with fish.
fishing	verb	present participle and gerund of fish
term	noun	A chronological limitation or restriction, a limited timespan.	A computer program that emulates a physical terminal.	A menstrual period.	A piece of carved work placed under each end of the taffrail.	A point, line, or superficies that limits.	A statue of the upper body, sometimes without the arms, ending in a pillar or pedestal.	A word or phrase (e.g., noun phrase, verb phrase, open compound), especially one from a specialised area of knowledge; a name for a concept.	An essential dignity in which unequal segments of every astrological sign have internal rulerships which affect the power and integrity of each planet in a natal chart.	Any of the binding conditions or promises in a legal contract.	Any value (variable or constant) or expression separated from another term by a space or an appropriate character, in an overall expression or table.	Certain days on which rent is paid.	Duration of officeholding, or its limit; period in office of fixed length.	One whose employment has been terminated	Part of a year, especially one of the divisions of an academic year.	Relations among people.	Specifically, the conditions in a legal contract that specify the price and also how and when payment must be made.	That which limits the extent of anything; limit, extremity, bound, boundary, terminus.	The maximum period during which the patent can be maintained into force.	The subject or the predicate of a proposition; one of the three component parts of a syllogism, each one of which is used twice.	The time during which legal courts are open.	With respect to a pregnancy, the usual duration of gestation for the given species (for example, nine months in humans); (metonymic) the end of this duration: the timepoint at which birth usually happens (for example, in humans, approximately 40 weeks from conception), defining the due date.
term	verb	To phrase a certain way; to name or call.	To terminate someone's employment.
term	adj	Born or delivered at term.
upset	adj	Angry, distressed, or unhappy.	Feeling unwell, nauseated, or ready to vomit.
upset	noun	A woven row supporting the foundation rods for the uprights of a basket.	An overturn.	An unexpected victory of a competitor or candidate that was not favored to win.	An upper set; a subset (X,≤) of a partially ordered set with the property that, if x is in U and x≤y, then y is in U.	An upset stomach.	Disturbance or disruption.	The dangerous situation where the flight attitude or airspeed of an aircraft is outside the designed bounds of operation, possibly resulting in loss of control.
upset	verb	To be upset or knocked over.	To defeat unexpectedly.	To disturb, disrupt or adversely alter (something).	To make (a person) angry, distressed, or unhappy.	To set up; to put upright.	To shorten (a tire) in the process of resetting, originally by cutting it and hammering on the ends.	To support with an upset (type of woven row).	To thicken and shorten, as a heated piece of iron, by hammering on the end.	To tip or overturn (something).
record	noun	A data structure similar to a struct, in some programming languages such as C and Java based on classes and designed for storing immutable data.	A set of data relating to a single individual or item.	An item of information put into a temporary or permanent physical medium.	Any instance of a physical medium on which information was put for the purpose of preserving it and making it available for future reference.	Ellipsis of phonograph record (“a disc, usually made from vinyl, on which sound is recorded and may be replayed on a phonograph”).	The most extreme known value of some variable, particularly that of an achievement in competitive events.
record	adj	Enough to break previous records and set a new one; world-class; historic.
record	verb	To fix in a medium, usually in a tangible medium.	To give legal status to by making an official public record.	To make a record of information.	To make an audio or video recording of.	To make an audio, video, or multimedia recording.	To reflect; to ponder.	To repeat; to practice.	To sing or repeat a tune.
market	noun	A formally organized, sometimes monopolistic, system of trading in specified goods or effects.	A gathering of people for the purchase and sale of merchandise, often periodic at a set time.	A geographical area or region where a certain commercial demand exists.	A group of potential or current customers for one's product.	A relatively spacious outdoor or covered site where traders set up stalls, either temporarily or permanently or semi-permanently, and buyers browse the merchandise.	Any physical store selling groceries, such as a grocery store or convenience store.	The price for which a thing is sold in a market; hence, value or worth; market value.	The sum total traded in a process of individuals trading for certain commodities.
market	verb	To deal in a market; to buy or sell; to make bargains for provisions or goods.	To make (products or services) available for sale and promote them.	To sell.	To shop in a market; to attend a market.
protect	verb	To book a passenger on a later flight if there is a chance they will not be able to board their earlier reserved flight.	To keep safe; to defend; to guard; to prevent harm coming to.
however	adv	How ever: an emphatic form of how, used to ask in what manner.	In any case, at any rate, at all events.	In any way that one likes or chooses; in a haphazard or spontaneous way.	In contrast.	Nevertheless; yet, still; in spite of that.	To whatever degree or extent.
however	conj	But, yet, though, although.	In any way in which.	Regardless of the way in which.
shake	verb	To be agitated; to lose firmness.	To cause (something) to move rapidly in opposite directions alternatingly.	To dance.	To disturb emotionally; to shock.	To give a tremulous tone to; to trill.	To lose, evade, or get rid of (something).	To move (one's head) from side to side, especially to indicate refusal, reluctance, or disapproval.	To move from side to side.	To move or remove by agitating; to throw off by a jolting or vibrating motion.	To shake hands.	To threaten to overthrow.
shake	noun	A basic wooden shingle made from split logs, traditionally used for roofing etc.	A beverage made by adding ice cream to a (usually carbonated) drink; a float.	A crack or split between the growth rings in wood.	A dance popular in the 1960s in which the head, limbs, and body are shaken.	A fissure in rock or earth.	A milkshake.	A rapid alternation of a principal tone with another represented on the next degree of the staff above or below it; a trill.	A shock or disturbance.	A shook of staves and headings.	A thin shingle.	A twitch, a spasm, a tremor.	An adulterant added to cocaine powder.	An informal unit of time equal to 10 nanoseconds.	In singing, notes (usually high ones) sung vibrato.	Instant, second. (Especially in two shakes.)	One of the staves of a hogshead or barrel taken apart.	Shake cannabis, small, leafy fragments of cannabis that gather at the bottom of a bag of marijuana.	The act of shaking or being shaken; tremulous or back-and-forth motion.	The redshank, so called from the nodding of its head while on the ground.
condition	noun	A certain abnormal state of health; a malady or sickness.	A clause in a contract or agreement indicating that a certain contingency may modify the principal obligation in some way.	A logical clause or phrase that a conditional statement uses. The phrase can either be true or false.	A particular state of being.	A requirement.	A state or quality.	The health status of a medical patient.	The situation of a person or persons, particularly their social and/or economic class, rank.
condition	verb	To contract; to stipulate; to agree.	To impose upon an object those relations or conditions without which knowledge and thought are alleged to be impossible.	To make dependent on a condition to be fulfilled; to make conditional on.	To place conditions or limitations upon.	To put under conditions; to require to pass a new examination or to make up a specified study, as a condition of remaining in one's class or in college.	To shape the behaviour of someone to do something.	To subject to different conditions, especially as an exercise.	To subject to the process of acclimation.	To test or assay, as silk (to ascertain the proportion of moisture it contains).	To treat, especially hair with hair conditioner.
heat	noun	A condition in which a mammal is aroused sexually or where it is especially fertile and therefore eager to mate.	A fastball.	A hot spell.	A negative reaction from the audience, especially as a heel (or bad character), or in general.	A period of intensity, particularly of emotion.	A preliminary race, used to determine the participants in a final race.	A stage in a competition, not necessarily a sporting one; a round.	A violent action unintermitted; a single effort.	An attribute of a spice that causes a burning sensation in the mouth.	An undesirable amount of attention.	Heating system; a system that raises the temperature of a room or building.	In omegaverse fiction, a cyclical period in which omegas experience an intense, sometimes irresistible biological urge to mate.	One cycle of bringing metal to maximum temperature and working it until it is too cool to work further.	One or more firearms.	Stylish and valuable sneakers.	The arousal or horniness of a person, likened to that of a mammal.	The condition or quality of being hot.	The output of a heating system.	The police.	Thermal energy.
heat	verb	To arouse, to excite (sexually).	To become hotter.	To cause an increase in temperature of (an object or space); to cause to become hot (often with "up").	To excite ardour in; to rouse to action; to excite to excess; to inflame, as the passions.	To excite or make hot by action or emotion; to make feverish.	simple past and past participle of heat
duty	noun	A tax placed on imports or exports; a tariff.	One's due, something one is owed; a debt or fee.	Respect; reverence; regard; act of respect; homage.	That which one is morally or legally obligated to do.	The act of urination or defecation, especially for a dog.	The efficiency of an engine in work done per unit of fuel; particularly, the number of pounds of water which a steam pumping engine can raise one foot by burning one bushel or hundredweight of coal.	The state of being at work and responsible for or doing a particular task.
arrest	noun	A check, stop, an act or instance of arresting something.	A confinement, detention, as after an arrest.	A device to physically arrest motion.	A scurfiness of the back part of the hind leg of a horse	Any seizure by power, physical or otherwise.	The condition of being stopped, standstill.	The judicial detention of a ship to secure a financial claim against its operators.	The process of arresting a criminal, suspect etc.
arrest	verb	To catch the attention of.	To seize (someone) with the authority of the law; to take into legal custody.	To stay, remain.	To stop or slow (a process, course etc.).	To stop the motion of (a person, animal, or body part).	To undergo cardiac arrest.
anywhere	adv	In or at any location.	To (in the direction of) any location.
anywhere	pron	Any location or an unknown location.
anywhere	noun	A person without strong cultural or social ties to a specific place; a cosmopolite.
Europe	name	A continent located west of Asia (separated by the Urals), north of Africa and east of the Atlantic Ocean.	A political entity; the European Union.	International club competitions operated by UEFA, the sport's governing body for Europe.	Mainland Europe (continental Europe), especially the western portion, thus excluding the island nations or the larger Mediterranean islands.
space	noun	A (chiefly empty) area or volume with set limits or boundaries.	A bounded or specific extent, physical or otherwise.	A field, area, or sphere of activity or endeavour.	A gap in text between words, lines etc., or a digital character used to create such a gap.	A gap; an empty place.	A generalized construct or set whose members have some property in common; typically there will be a geometric metaphor allowing these members to be viewed as "points". Often used with a restricting modifier describing the members (e.g. vector space), or indicating the inventor of the construct (e.g. Hilbert space).	A physical extent across two or three dimensions (sometimes for or to do something).	A physical extent in all directions, seen as an attribute of the universe (now usually considered as a part of space-time), or a mathematical model of this.	A piece of metal type used to separate words, cast lower than other type so as not to take ink, especially one that is narrower than one en (compare quad).	A position on the staff or stave bounded by lines.	A set of points, each of which is uniquely specified by a number (the dimensionality) of coordinates.	A specific (specified) period of time.	An undefined period of time (without qualifier, especially a short period); a while.	Anything analogous to a physical space in which one can interact, such as an online chat room.	Free time; leisure, opportunity.	Of time.	The Distance between objects.	The near-vacuum in which planets, stars and other celestial objects are situated; the universe beyond the earth's atmosphere.	The physical and psychological area one needs within which to live or operate; personal freedom.	Unlimited or generalized extent, physical or otherwise.
space	verb	To insert or utilise spaces in a written text.	To kill (someone) by ejection into outer space, usually without a space suit.	To roam, walk, wander.	To set some distance apart.	To space out (become distracted, lose focus).	To travel into and through outer space.
radio	noun	A device that can capture (receive) the signal sent over radio waves and render the modulated signal as sound.	A device that can transmit radio signals.	Any audio playing device, such as the on-board entertainment system in a car, usually including a radio receiver as well as the capability to play audio from recorded media; see also car radio.	The continuous broadcasting of sound via the Internet in the style of traditional radio.	The technology that allows for the transmission of sound or other signals by modulation of electromagnetic waves.
radio	verb	To order or assist (to a location), using telecommunications.	To use two-way radio to transmit (a message) (to another radio or other radio operator).
push	verb	To add (a data item) to the top of a stack.	To apply a force to (an object) such that it moves away from the person or thing applying the force.	To approach; to come close to.	To burst out of its pot, as a bud or shoot.	To continually attempt to persuade (a person) into a particular course of action.	To continually exert oneself in order to achieve a goal.	To continually promote (a point of view, a product for sale, etc.).	To continue to attempt to persuade a person into a particular course of action.	To make a higher bid at an auction.	To make an all-in bet.	To move (a pawn) directly forward.	To press or urge forward; to drive.	To publish (an update, etc.) by transmitting it to other computers.	To strike the cue ball in such a way that it stays in contact with the cue and object ball at the same time (a foul shot).	To tense the muscles in the abdomen in order to give birth or defecate.	To thrust the points of the horns against; to gore.
push	noun	A force that impels or pressures one to act.	A great effort (to do something).	A marching or drill maneuver/manoeuvre performed by moving a formation (especially a company front) forward or toward the audience, usually to accompany a dramatic climax or crescendo in the music.	A particular crowd or throng or people.	A push shot.	A push-button, such as a bell push.	A pustule; a pimple.	A short, directed application of force; an act of pushing.	A wager that results in no loss or gain for the bettor as a result of a tie or even score	An act of tensing the muscles of the abdomen in order to expel its contents.	An attempt to give momentum to a wrestler's career in the form of victories and/or more screen time.	An attempt to persuade someone into a particular course of action.	The addition of a data item to the top of a stack.	The situation where a server sends data to a client without waiting for a request.
deserve	verb	To be entitled to, as a result of past actions; to be worthy to have.	To earn, win.	To reward, to give in return for service.	To serve; to treat; to benefit.
bridge	noun	A card game played with four players playing as two teams of two players each.	A connection, real or abstract.	A construction or natural feature that spans a divide.	A construction spanning a waterway, ravine, or valley from an elevated height, allowing for the passage of vehicles, pedestrians, trains, etc.	A contrasting section within a song that prepares for the return of the original material section.	A cue modified with a convex arch-shaped notched head attached to the narrow end, used to support a player's (shooter's) cue for extended or tedious shots. Also called a spider.	A day falling between two public holidays and consequently designated as an additional holiday.	A defensive position in which the wrestler is supported by his feet and head, belly-up, in order to prevent touch-down of the shoulders and eventually to dislodge an opponent who has established a position on top.	A device which connects two or more computer buses, typically in a transparent manner.	A form of cheating by which a card is cut by previously curving it by pressure of the hand.	A low wall or vertical partition in the fire chamber of a furnace, for deflecting flame, etc.; a bridge wall.	A particular form of one hand placed on the table to support the cue when making a shot in cue sports.	A point in a line where a break in a word unit cannot occur.	A prosthesis replacing one or several adjacent teeth.	A rudimentary procedure before definite solution	A similar position in gymnastics.	A software component connecting two or more separate systems.	A solid crust of undissolved salt in a water softener.	A statement, such as an offer, that signals a possibility of accord.	A system which connects two or more local area networks at layer 2 of OSI model.	An arch or superstructure.	An edge which, if removed, changes a connected graph to one that is not connected.	An elevated platform above the upper deck of a mechanically propelled ship from which it is navigated and from which all activities on deck can be seen and controlled by the captain, etc; smaller ships have a wheelhouse, and sailing ships were controlled from a quarterdeck.	An elongated chain of teammates, connected to the pack, for improved blocking potential.	An intramolecular valence bond, atom or chain of atoms that connects two different parts of a molecule; the atoms so connected being bridgeheads.	An unintended solder connection between two or more components or pins.	Any of several electrical devices that measure characteristics such as impedance and inductance by balancing different parts of a circuit	Anything supported at the ends and serving to keep some other thing from resting upon the object spanned, as in engraving, watchmaking, etc., or which forms a platform or staging over which something passes or is conveyed.	In turtles, the connection between the plastron and the carapace.	The gap between the holes on a bowling ball	The piece, on string instruments, that supports the strings from the sounding board.	The situation where a lone rider or small group of riders closes the space between them and the rider or group in front.	The upper bony ridge of the human nose.
bridge	verb	To be or make a bridge over something.	To connect two or more computer buses, networks etc. with a bridge.	To employ the bridge tactic. (See Noun section.)	To go to the bridge position.	To span as if with a bridge.	To transition from one piece or section of music to another without stopping.
extremely	adv	To an extreme degree.
straight	adj	Concerning the property allowing the parallel transport of vectors along a course that keeps tangent vectors remain as such throughout that course (a course which is straight, a straight curve, is a geodesic).	Containing the names of all the regularly nominated candidates of a single party and no others.	Conventional; mainstream; socially acceptable.	Describing the bat as held so as not to incline to either side; on, or near a line running between the two wickets.	Describing the sets in a match of which the winner did not lose a single set.	Direct in communication; unevasive, straightforward.	Direct, undeviating.	Free from dishonesty; honest, law-abiding.	Having all cylinders in a single straight line; in-line.	Heterosexual.	In a row, in unbroken sequence; consecutive.	In proper order; as it should be.	Making no exceptions or deviations in one's support of the organization and candidates of a political party.	Not crooked, curly, or bent; having a constant direction throughout its length.	Not plus size; thin.	Not using alcohol, drugs, etc.	OK, all right, fine; in a good state or situation.	Occurring between people of opposite sex (sometimes, but not always, specifically between heterosexual people).	Of spirits: undiluted, unmixed; neat.	On good terms.	Perfectly horizontal or vertical; not diagonal or oblique.	Related to conventional sexual intercourse.	Sent at a full rate for immediate delivery; being a fast telegram.	Serious rather than comedic.	Strait; narrow.	Stretched out; fully extended.	Thorough; utter; unqualified.
straight	adv	Continuously; without interruption or pause.	Directly; without pause, delay or detour.	Of a direction relative to the subject, precisely; as if following a direct line.	Of speech or information, without prevarication or holding back; directly; straightforwardly; plainly.
straight	noun	A cat that has straight ears despite belonging to a breed that often has folded ears.	A chiropractor who relies solely on spinal adjustment, with no other treatments.	A cigarette, particularly one containing tobacco instead of marijuana.	A heterosexual.	A normal person; someone in mainstream society.	Five cards in sequence.	Something that is not crooked or bent such as a part of a road or track.
straight	verb	To straighten.
eight	num	A numerical value equal to 8; the number occurring after seven and before nine.	Describing a group or set with eight elements.
eight	noun	A light, narrow rowing boat, especially one used in competitive rowing, steered by a cox, in which eight rowers each have two oars.	A race in which such craft participate.	Alternative spelling of ait (island in a river)	Any of the four cards in a normal deck with the value eight.	Eight o'clock.	The digit/figure 8.	The eight people who crew a rowing-boat.
eight	adj	Obsolete spelling of eighth.
pocket	noun	A bag stitched to an item of clothing, used for carrying small items.	A bight on a lee shore.	A cavity in a rock containing a nugget of gold, or other mineral; a small body of ore contained in such a cavity.	A hole or space covered by a movable piece of board, as in a floor, boxing, partitions, etc.	A large bag or sack formerly used for packing various articles, such as ginger, hops, or cowries; the pocket of wool held about 168 pounds.	A person's financial resources.	A small space between a tooth and the adjoining gum, formed by an abnormal separation of the two.	A small, isolated group or area.	A socket for receiving the base of a post, stake, etc.	A state achieved with steady, enjoyable drumming.	A strip of canvas sewn upon a sail so that a batten or a light spar can placed in the interspace.	An area of land surrounded by a loop of a river.	An area where military units are completely surrounded by enemy units.	An enclosed volume of one substance surrounded by another.	An indention and cavity with a net sack or similar structure (into which the balls are to be struck) at each corner and one centered on each side of a pool or snooker table.	The area behind the line of scrimmage subject to certain rules regarding intentional grounding, illegal contact, etc., formally extending to the end zone but more usually understood as the central area around the quarterback directly protected by the offensive line.	The area of the field to the side of the goal posts (four pockets in total on the field, one to each side of the goals at each end of the ground). The pocket is only a roughly defined area, extending from the behind post, at an angle, to perhaps about 30 meters out.	The ideal point where the pins are hit by the bowling ball.	The position held by a second defensive middle, where an advanced middle must retreat after making a touch on the attacking middle.	The pouch of an animal.	The unbroken part of a wave that offers the surfer the most power.
pocket	verb	To cause a ball to go into one of the pockets of the table; to complete a shot.	To put (something) into a pocket.	To put up with; to bear without complaint.	To take and keep (something, especially money, that is not one's own).
pocket	adj	Belonging to the two initial hole cards.	Of a size suitable for putting into a pocket.	Smaller or more compact than usual.
Ken	name	A diminutive of the male given name Kenneth.	A surname.	Kensington in London.
beauty	noun	A beauty quark (now called bottom quark).	An excellent or egregious example of something.	Beautiful passages or extracts of poetry.	Beauty treatment; cosmetology.	Prevailing style or taste; rage; fashion.	Someone who is beautiful.	Something that is particularly good or pleasing.	The excellence or genius of a scheme or decision.	The quality of being (especially visually) attractive, pleasing, fine or good-looking; comeliness.	Those aspects or elements that make someone or something beautiful.
beauty	intj	Cool!	Thanks!
beauty	adj	Of high quality, well done.
beauty	verb	To make beautiful.
cheap	adj	Low or reduced in price.	Of little worth.	Of poor quality.	Stingy; mean; excessively frugal.	Taking little of system time or resources.	Trading at a price level which is low relative to historical trends, a similar asset, or (for derivatives) a theoretical value.	Underhanded or unfair.
cheap	noun	A low price; a bargain.	A market; marketplace.	Cheapness; lowness of price; abundance of supply.	Price.	Trade; traffic; chaffer; chaffering.
cheap	verb	To bargain for; chaffer for; ask the price of; offer a price for; cheapen.	To buy; purchase.	To sell.	To trade; traffic; bargain; chaffer; ask the price of goods; cheapen goods.
cheap	adv	Cheaply.
ground	noun	A composition in which the bass, consisting of a few bars of independent notes, is continually repeated to a varying melody.	A flat surface upon which figures are raised in relief.	A gummy substance spread over the surface of a metal to be etched, to prevent the acid from eating except where an opening is made by the needle.	A place suited to a specified activity.	A soccer stadium.	Advantage given or gained in any contest; e.g. in football, chess, debate or academic discourse.	An electrical conductor connected to the earth, or a large conductor whose electrical potential is taken as zero (such as a steel chassis).	Background, context, framework, surroundings.	Basis, foundation, groundwork, legwork.	Electric shock.	One of the pieces of wood, flush with the plastering, to which mouldings etc. are attached.	Reason, (epistemic) justification, cause.	Soil, earth.	Synonym of munny (“land measure”).	Terrain.	The area of grass on which a match is played (a cricket field); the entire arena in which it is played; the part of the field behind a batsman's popping crease where he can not be run out (hence to make one's ground).	The area on which a battle is fought, particularly as referring to the area occupied by one side or the other. Often, according to the eventualities, "to give ground" or "to gain ground".	The bottom of a body of water.	The net of small meshes upon which the embroidered pattern is applied.	The pit of a theatre.	The plain surface upon which the figures of an artistic composition are set.	The surface of the Earth, as opposed to the sky or water or underground.	The tune on which descants are raised; the plain song.
ground	verb	To complement a machine learning model with relevant information it was not trained on.	To connect (an electrical conductor or device) to a ground.	To cover with a ground, as a copper plate for etching, or as paper or other materials with a uniform tint as a preparation for ornament.	To electrocute.	To forbid (an aircraft or pilot) to fly.	To found; to fix or set, as on a foundation, reason, or principle; to furnish a ground for; to fix firmly.	To give a basic education in a particular subject; to instruct in elements or first principles.	To hit a ground ball. Compare fly (verb (regular)) and line (verb).	To improve or focus the mental or emotional state of.	To place a bat or part of the body on the ground to avoid being run out.	To place something on the ground.	To punish, especially a child or teenager, by forcing them to stay at home and/or give up certain privileges.	To run aground; to strike the bottom and remain fixed.	simple past and past participle of grind
ground	adj	Crushed, or reduced to small particles.	Processed by grinding.
mention	noun	A social media feed, a list of replies or posts mentioning a person.	A speaking or noticing of anything, usually in a brief or cursory manner.
mention	verb	To make a short reference to something.	To utter a word or expression in order to refer to the expression itself, as opposed to its usual referent.
sort	noun	A full set of anything, such as a pair of shoes or a suit of clothes.	A general type.	A good-looking woman.	A person evaluated in a certain way.	A piece of metal type used to print one letter, character, or symbol in a particular size and style.	A type.	An act of sorting.	An algorithm for sorting a list of items into a particular sequence.	Anything used to determine the answer to a question by chance; lot.	Condition above the vulgar; rank.	Fate, fortune, destiny.	Group, company.	Manner, way; form of being or acting.
sort	verb	To arrange into some sequence, usually numerically, alphabetically or chronologically.	To attack physically.	To choose from a number; to select; to cull.	To conform; to adapt; to accommodate.	To conjoin; to put together in distribution; to class.	To fix (a problem) or handle (a task).	To geld.	To join or associate with others, especially with others of the same kind or species; to agree.	To separate items into different categories according to certain criteria that determine their sorts.	To suit; to fit; to be in accord; to harmonize.
demand	noun	A forceful claim for something.	A requirement.	An order.	An urgent request.	More precisely peak demand or peak load, a measure of the maximum power load of a utility's customer over a short period of time; the power load integrated over a specified time interval.	The amount of a good or service that consumers are willing to buy at a particular price.	The desire to purchase goods and services.
demand	verb	To ask forcefully for information.	To claim a right to something.	To issue a summons to court.	To request forcefully.	To require of someone.
strike	verb	To act suddenly, especially in a violent or criminal way.	To advance; to cause to go forward; used only in the past participle.	To affect by a sudden impression or impulse.	To balance (a ledger or account).	To become attached to something; said of the spat of oysters.	To become saturated with salt.	To borrow money from; to make a demand upon.	To break forth; to commence suddenly; with into.	To capitulate; to signal a surrender by hauling down the colours.	To carry out a violent or illegal action.	To cause or produce by a stroke, or suddenly, as by a stroke.	To cause to ignite by friction.	To cause to sound by one or more beats; to indicate or notify by audible strokes. Of a clock, to announce (an hour of the day), usually by one or more sounds.	To create an impression.	To cut off (a mortar joint, etc.) even with the face of the wall, or inward at a slight angle.	To delete or cross out; to scratch or eliminate.	To deliver a quick blow or thrust; to give blows.	To discover a source of something, often a buried raw material such as ore (especially gold) or crude oil.	To dismantle and take away (a theater set; a tent; etc.).	To do menial work for an officer.	To give, as a blow; to impel, as with a blow; to give a force to; to dash; to cast.	To haul down or lower (a flag, mast, etc.)	To have a sharp or severe effect on a more abstract level.	To have a sharp or sudden physical effect, as of a blow.	To hit upon, or light upon, suddenly.	To hit.	To hook (a fish) by a quick turn of the wrist.	To impinge upon.	To impress, seem or appear to (a person).	To lade thickened sugar cane juice from a teache into a cooler.	To level (a measure of grain, salt, etc.) with a straight instrument, scraping off what is above the level of the top.	To make a sudden impression upon, as if by a blow; to affect with some strong emotion.	To make and ratify; to reach; to find.	To manufacture, as by stamping.	To pass with a quick or strong effect; to dart; to penetrate.	To punish; to afflict; to smite.	To quit (one's job).	To run upon a rock or bank; to be stranded; to run aground.	To run, or fade in colour.	To score a goal.	To set off on a walk or trip.	To sound by percussion, with blows, or as if with blows.	To steal or rob; to take forcibly or fraudulently.	To stop working as a protest to achieve better working conditions.	To stroke or pass lightly; to wave.	To take down, especially in the following contexts.	To thrust in; to cause to enter or penetrate.	To touch; to act by appulse.	To unfasten, to loosen (chains, bonds, etc.).
strike	noun	A blow or application of physical force against something.	A cancellation postmark.	A nibble on the bait by a fish.	A puddler's stirrer.	A status resulting from a batter swinging and missing a pitch, or not swinging at a pitch when the ball goes in the strike zone, or hitting a foul ball that is not caught.	A work stoppage (or otherwise concerted stoppage of an activity) as a form of protest.	An attack, not necessarily physical.	An imperfect matrix for type.	An instrument with a straight edge for levelling a measure of grain, salt, etc., scraping off what is above the level of the top; a strickle.	An iron pale or standard in a gate or fence.	An old English measure of corn equal to the bushel.	Excellence; quality.	Fullness of measure; the whole amount produced at one time.	In an option contract, the price at which the holder buys or sells if they choose to exercise the option.	The act of knocking down all ten pins on the first roll of a frame.	The compass direction of the line of intersection between a rock layer and the surface of the Earth or another solid celestial body.	The discovery of a source of something.	The extortion of money, or the attempt to extort money, by threat of injury; blackmail.	The primary face of a hammer, opposite the peen.	The status of being the batsman that the bowler is bowling at.	The strike plate of a door.
serve	noun	A portion of food or drink, a serving.	An act of putting the ball or shuttlecock in play in various games.	An impressive presentation (especially of a person's appearance).
serve	verb	To attractively display (something, especially a body part) as part of one's personal appearance.	To be a formal servant for (a god or deity); to worship in an official capacity.	To be a servant for; to work for, to be employed by.	To be effective.	To be in military service.	To be suitor to; to be the lover of.	To be useful to; to meet the needs of.	To copulate with (of male animals); to cover.	To deliver a document in such a way that the recipient can be legally considered to be informed of it.	To evoke (something, especially a person) with one's personal appearance.	To have a given use or purpose; to function for something or to do something.	To lead off with the first delivery over the net in tennis, volleyball, ping pong, badminton etc.	To make legal service upon (a person named in a writ, summons, etc.)	To officially deliver (a legal notice, summons etc.).	To perform (a public obligation).	To present an attractive personal appearance.	To provide a service (or, by extension, a product, especially food or drink).	To provide crack cocaine (to), usually by selling, dealing, or distributing.	To render service by being a servant, worker, employee, or officeholder; to hold those roles and perform their duties.	To set down (food or drink) on the table to be eaten; to bring (food, drink) to a person.	To treat (someone) in a given manner.	To usefully take the place as, instead of something else.	To wait upon (someone) at table; to set food and drink in front of, to help (someone) to food, meals etc.	To wind spun yarn etc. tightly around (a rope or cable, etc.) so as to protect it from chafing or from the weather.	To work through (a given period of time in prison, a sentence).	To work, to operate (a weapon).
nature	noun	A part of the body's physical form, especially (obsolete) the female genitalia.	A product of the body's physical form, especially semen and vaginal fluids, menstrual fluid, and (obsolete) feces.	A requirement or powerful impulse of the body's physical form, especially	Sexual desire.	Spontaneous love, affection, or reverence, especially between parent and child.	Synonym of caliber: the class of a gun.	The distinguishing characteristic of a person or thing, understood as its general class, sort, type, etc.	The essential or innate characteristics of a person or thing which will always tend to manifest, especially in contrast to specific contexts, reason, religious duty, upbringing, and personal pretense or effort.	The need to urinate and defecate.	The particular way someone or something is, especially	The vital functions or strength of someone or something, especially (now dialect) as requiring nourishment or careful maintenance or (medicine) as a force of regeneration without special treatment.	The way things are, the totality of all things in the physical universe and their order, especially the physical world in contrast to spiritual realms and flora and fauna as distinct from human conventions, art, and technology.
nature	verb	To endow with natural qualities.
service	noun	A department in a company, organization, or institution.	A function that is provided by one program or machine for another.	A musical composition for use in churches.	A religious rite or ritual.	A set of dishes or utensils.	A taxi shared among unrelated passengers, each of whom pays part of the fare; often, it has a fixed route between cities.	Access to resources such as hotel rooms and Web-based videos without transfer of the resources' ownership.	An act of being of assistance to someone.	Profession of respect; acknowledgment of duty owed.	Service tree.	Synonym of utility (“commodity provided on a continuous basis by a physical infrastructure network, such as electricity, water supply or sewerage”).	The act of initially starting, or serving, the ball in play in tennis, volleyball, and other games.	The materials used for serving a rope, etc., such as spun yarn and small lines.	The military.	The practice of providing assistance as economic activity.	The serving, or delivery, of a summons or writ.	The sorb; the fruit of this tree.	The state of being subordinate to or employed by an individual or group.	Work as a member of the military.
service	verb	To attack.	To inseminate through sexual intercourse.	To make a repayment or pay interest (on a debt).	To perform a sexual act upon.	To perform maintenance.	To serve.	To supply (media outlets) with press releases etc.
create	verb	In theatre, to be the first performer of a role; to originate a character.	To be or do something creative, imaginative, originative.	To bring into existence out of nothing, without the prior existence of the materials or elements used.	To bring into existence; (sometimes in particular:)	To cause, to bring (a non-object) about by an action, behavior, or event, to occasion.	To confer or invest with a rank or title of nobility, to appoint, ordain or constitute.	To make a fuss, complain; to shout.	To make or produce from other (e.g. raw, unrefined or scattered) materials or combinable elements or ideas; to design or invest with a new form, shape, function, etc.
create	adj	Created, resulting from creation.
nor	conj	A function word introducing each except the first term of a series, indicating none of them is true.	And... not (introducing a negative statement, without necessarily following one).	Neither.	Than.	Used to introduce a further negative statement.
nor	noun	Alternative form of NOR.
memory	noun	A memorial.	A record of a thing or an event stored and available for later use by the organism.	A term of venery for a social group of elephants, normally called a herd.	Synonym of pelmanism (“memory card game”).	The ability of the brain to record information or impressions with the facility of recalling them later, usually at will.	The part of a computer that stores variable executable code or data (RAM) or unalterable executable code or default data (ROM).	The time within which past events can be or are remembered.	Which returns to its original shape when heated
Jane	name	A female given name from French, the standard feminine form of John since the 17th century.	A surname originating as a patronymic derived from a Middle English variant of John.
Jane	noun	A girlfriend.	Alternative letter-case form of jane (“female client of a prostitute”).	used as a placeholder name for any woman, especially a young working-class woman
improve	verb	To become better.	To disapprove of; to find fault with; to reprove; to censure.	To disprove or make void; to refute.	To make (something) better; to increase the value or productivity (of something).	To use or employ to good purpose; to turn to profitable account.
flight	noun	A collective term for doves or swallows.	A comparable sample of beers or other drinks.	A floor which is reached by stairs or escalators.	A group of canal locks with a short distance between them	A numbered subclass of a given class of warship, denoting incremental modernizations to the original design.	A paper airplane.	A series of stairs between landings.	A trip made by an aircraft, particularly one between two cities or countries, which is often planned or reserved in advance.	An advertising campaign of fixed length.	An aerodynamic surface designed to guide such a projectile's trajectory.	An air force unit.	An episode of imaginative thinking or dreaming.	An instance of flying.	Several sample glasses of a specific wine varietal or other beverage. The pours are smaller than a full glass and the flight will generally include three to five different samples.	The act of fleeing.	The act of flying.	The ballistic trajectory of an arrow or other projectile.	The feathers on an arrow or dart used to help it follow an even path.	The movement of a spinning ball through the air, with its speed, trajectory and drift.	The shaped material forming the thread of a screw.
flight	adj	Fast, swift, fleet.
flight	verb	To throw or kick something so as to send it flying with more loft or airtime than usual.	To throw the ball in such a way that it has more airtime and more spin than usual.
purpose	noun	Function, role.	Resolution; determination.	The end for which something is done, is made or exists.	The subject of discourse; the point at issue.	meaning for existing or doing something.
purpose	verb	To discourse.	To have (an) intention, purpose, or design; to intend; to mean.	To have or set as one's purpose or aim; resolve to accomplish; intend; plan.
imagine	verb	To assume; to suppose.	To believe in something created by one's own mind, often something false.	To conjecture; to guess.	To contrive in purpose; to scheme; to devise.	To form a mental image of something; to envision or create something in one's mind.	To use one's imagination.	Used to mock an idea by suggesting that it is ridiculous or ill thought through.
imagine	noun	A short fanfic or prompt placing a reader insert in a novel scenario with a character or celebrity.
sugar	noun	A small serving of this substance (typically about one teaspoon), used to sweeten a drink.	A specific variety of sugar.	A term of endearment.	Affection shown by kisses or kissing.	Any of various small carbohydrates that are used by organisms to store energy.	Anything resembling sugar in taste or appearance, especially in chemistry.	Compliment or flattery used to disguise or render acceptable something obnoxious; honeyed or soothing words.	Diabetes.	Effeminacy in a male, often implying homosexuality.	Heroin.	Money.	Sucrose in the form of small crystals, obtained from sugar cane or sugar beet and used to sweeten food and drink.	Syntactic sugar.
sugar	verb	In making maple sugar, to complete the process of boiling down the syrup till it is thick enough to crystallize; to approach or reach the state of granulation; with the preposition off.	To add sugar to; to sweeten with sugar.	To apply sugar to trees or plants in order to catch moths.	To compliment (a person).	To make (something unpleasant) seem less so.	To remove hair using a paste of sugar, water, and lemon juice.	To rewrite (source code) using syntactic sugar.
sugar	intj	Shit!
science	noun	A particular discipline or branch of knowledge that is natural, measurable or consisting of systematic principles rather than intuition or technical skill.	Knowledge derived from scientific disciplines, scientific method, or any systematic effort.	Knowledge gained through study or practice; mastery of a particular discipline or area.	Obsolete spelling of scion.	Specifically the natural sciences.	Synonym of sweet science (“the sport of boxing”).	The collective discipline of study or learning acquired through the scientific method; the sum of knowledge gained from such methods and discipline.	The fact of knowing something; knowledge or understanding of a truth.	The scientific community.
science	verb	To cause to become versed in science; to make skilled; to instruct.	To use science to solve a problem.
require	verb	Naturally to demand (something) as indispensable; to need, to call for as necessary.	To ask (someone) for something; to request.	To demand (of someone) to do something.	To demand, to insist upon (having); to call for authoritatively.
contact	noun	A contact lens.	A device designed for repetitive connections.	A nodule designed to connect a device with something else.	Contact juggling.	Means of communication with a person, especially in the form of a telephone number.	Someone who can be contacted, or with whom one is in communication.	The act of touching physically; being in close association.	The establishment of communication (with).	The plane between two adjacent bodies of dissimilar rock.	The situation of being within sight of something; visual contact.
contact	verb	To establish communication with (something or someone).	To touch; to come into physical contact with.
amount	noun	A quantity or volume.	The number (the sum) of elements in a set.	The total, aggregate or sum of material (not applicable to discrete numbers or units or items in standard English).
amount	verb	To be the tantamount to; to reach up to the level of.	To go up; to ascend.	To total or evaluate.
wise	adj	Aware, informed (to something).	Disrespectful.	Showing good judgement or the benefit of experience.
wise	verb	To advise; induce.	To become wise.	To cause to turn.	To direct the course of, pilot.	To instruct.	To show the way, guide.	Usually with "up", to inform or learn.
wise	noun	Way, manner, or method.
vote	noun	A formalized choice on legally relevant measures such as employment or appointment to office or a proceeding about a legal dispute.	An act or instance of participating in such a choice, e.g., by submitting a ballot.	a formalized petition or request	an ardent wish or desire; a vow; a prayer	any judgment of intellect leading not only to a formal opinion but also to a particular choice in a legally relevant measure, a point of view as published	any judgment of intellect leading to a formal opinion, a point of view
vote	verb	To cast a vote; to assert a formalized choice in an election.	To choose or grant by means of a vote, or by general consent.
page	noun	A block of contiguous memory of a fixed length.	A boy or girl employed to wait upon the members of a legislative body.	A collective memory; noteworthy event; memorable episode.	A contrivance, as a band, pin, snap, or the like, to hold the skirt of a woman’s dress from the ground.	A message sent to someone's pager.	A screenful of text and possibly other content; especially, the digital simulation of one side of a paper leaf.	A serving boy; a youth attending a person of high degree, especially at courts, often as a position of honor and education.	A track along which pallets carrying newly molded bricks are conveyed to the hack.	A web page.	A youth employed for doing errands, waiting on the door, and similar service in households.	Any one of several species of colorful South American moths of the genus Urania.	One of the many pieces of paper bound together within a book or similar document.	One side of a paper leaf in a bound document.	The common name given to an employee whose main purpose is to replace materials that have either been checked out or otherwise moved, back to their shelves.	The type set up for printing a page.
page	verb	To attend (someone) as a page.	To call (somebody) using a public address system to find them.	To call or summon (someone).	To contact (someone) by means of a pager or other mobile device.	To furnish with folios.	To mark or number the pages of, as a book or manuscript.	To turn several pages of a publication.
assume	verb	To adopt (an idea or cause)	To adopt a feigned quality or manner; to claim without right; to arrogate	To authenticate by means of belief; to surmise; to suppose to be true, especially without proof	To receive, adopt (a person)	To take on a position, duty or form
calm	adj	Free of noise and disturbance.	Peaceful, quiet, especially free from anger and anxiety.	Without wind or storm.	with few or no waves on the surface; not rippled.
calm	noun	A period of time without wind.	The state of being calm; absence of noise and disturbance.	The state of being calm; peacefulness; absence of worry, anger, fear or other strong negative emotion.
calm	verb	To become calm.	To make calm.
difficulty	noun	An awkward situation or quarrel.	An objection.	An obstacle that hinders achievement of a goal.	Physical danger from the environment, especially with risk of drowning	That which cannot be easily understood or believed.	The state of being difficult, or hard to do.
bath	noun	A building or area where bathing occurs.	A former Hebrew unit of liquid volume (about 23 L or 6 gallons).	A substance or preparation in which something is immersed.	A tub or pool which is used for bathing: bathtub.	Clipping of bathroom.	The act of bathing.	The body of liquid one bathes in.
bath	verb	To bathe (oneself); to have a bath.	To wash a person or animal in a bath.
happiness	noun	Fortuitous elegance; unstudied grace, used especially of language.	Good luck; good fortune.	Prosperity, thriving, wellbeing.	The emotion of being happy; joy; elation.
cute	adj	Affected or contrived to charm; mincingly clever; precious; cutesy.	Evincing cleverness; surprising in its elegance or unconventionality (but of limited importance).	Lovable, charming, attractive or pleasing, especially in a youthful, dainty, quaint or fun-spirited way.	Mentally keen or discerning (See also acute)	Possessing physical features, behaviors, personality traits or other properties that are mainly attributed to infants and small or cuddly animals; e.g. fair, dainty, round, and soft physical features, disproportionately large eyes and head, playfulness, fragility, helplessness, curiosity or shyness, innocence, affectionate behavior.	Sexually attractive or pleasing; gorgeous.
painting	verb	present participle and gerund of paint
painting	noun	An illustration or artwork done with the use of paint.	The action of applying paint to a surface.	The same activity as an art form.
position	noun	A commitment, or a group of commitments, such as options or futures, to buy or sell a given amount of financial instruments, such as securities, currencies or commodities, for a given price.	A method of solving a problem by one or two suppositions; also called the rule of trial and error.	A pin; a connector.	A place on the playing field, together with a set of duties, assigned to a player.	A place or location.	A post of employment; a job.	A posture.	A situation suitable to perform some action.	A status or rank.	An amount of securities, commodities, or other financial instruments held by a person, firm, or institution.	An opinion, stand, or stance.	The full state of a chess game at any given turn.	The order in which players are seated around the table.
position	verb	To put into place.
pleasure	noun	A person, thing or action that causes enjoyment.	A state of being pleased or contented; gratification.	One's preference.	Sexual enjoyment.	The will or desire of someone or some agency in power.
pleasure	intj	pleased to meet you, "It's my pleasure"
pleasure	verb	To give or afford pleasure to.	To give sexual pleasure to.	To take pleasure; to seek or pursue pleasure.
character	noun	A being involved in the action of a story; a persona.	A complex of traits marking a person, group, breed, or type.	A distinguishing feature; characteristic; trait; nature; phene.	A person or individual, especially one who is unknown.	A reference given to a servant, attesting to their behaviour, competence, etc.	A secret cipher; a way of writing in code.	A unique or extraordinary individual; a person characterized by peculiar or notable traits, especially charisma.	A written or printed symbol, or letter.	An assignment of complex numbers to each element of a group, in particular a finite abelian group.	One of the basic elements making up a text file or string: a code representing a printing character or a control character.	Personal appearance.	Quality, position, rank, or capacity; quality or conduct with respect to a certain office or duty.	Strength of mind; resolution; independence; individuality; moral strength.	Style of writing or printing; handwriting; the particular form of letters used by a person or people.	The estimate, individual or general, put upon a person or thing; reputation.
character	verb	To write (using characters); to describe.
provide	verb	To act to prepare for something.	To appoint to an ecclesiastical benefice before it is vacant. See provisor.	To establish as a previous condition; to stipulate.	To foresee, to consider in advance.	To furnish (with), cause to be present, supply.	To give what is needed or desired, especially basic needs.	To make a living; earn money for necessities.	To make possible or attainable.
rock	noun	A basketball.	A boulder or large stone; or (US, Canada) a smaller stone; a pebble.	A closed hand (a handshape resembling a rock), that beats scissors and loses to paper. It beats lizard and loses to Spock in rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock.	A cricket ball, especially a new one that has not been softened by use	A crystal used to control the radio frequency.	A crystallized lump of crack cocaine.	A formation of minerals, specifically:	A large hill or island having no vegetation.	A lump or cube of ice.	A mass of stone projecting out of the ground or water.	A mistake.	A precious stone or gem, especially a diamond.	A style of music characterized by basic drum-beat, generally 4/4 riffs, based on (usually electric) guitar, bass guitar, drums, keyboards (often), and vocals.	A type of confectionery made from sugar in the shape of a stick, traditionally having some text running through its length.	An Afrikaner.	An act of rocking; a rocking motion; a sway.	An extremely conservative player who is willing to play only the very strongest hands.	An unintelligent person, especially one who repeats mistakes.	Any natural material with a distinctive composition of minerals.	Any of several fish:	Archaic form of roc (mythical bird).	Distaff.	Something that is strong, stable, and dependable; a person who provides security or support to another.	Synonym of stone.	The flax or wool on a distaff.	The huss or rock salmon.	The naturally occurring aggregate of solid mineral matter that constitutes a significant part of the earth's crust.	The striped bass.
rock	verb	To be cool.	To be very favourable or skilful; excel; be fantastic.	To be washed and panned in a cradle or in a rocker.	To cause to shake or sway violently.	To disturb the emotional equilibrium of; to distress; to greatly impact (most often positively).	To do something with excitement yet skillfully.	To do well or to be operating at high efficiency.	To have people dancing and enjoying rock music.	To make love to or have sex (with).	To move gently back and forth.	To play, perform, or enjoy rock music, especially with a lot of skill or energy.	To sway one's body as a stim.	To sway or tilt violently back and forth.	To thrill or excite, especially with rock music.	To wear (a piece of clothing, outfit etc.) successfully or with style; to carry off (a particular look, style).
product	noun	A chemical substance formed as a result of a chemical reaction.	A commodity offered for sale.	A consequence of someone's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances.	A quantity obtained by multiplication of two or more numbers.	Any operation or a result thereof which generalises multiplication of numbers, like the multiplicative operation in a ring, product of types or a categorical product.	Any preparation to be applied to the hair, skin, nails, etc. Often specifically a preparation used to hold one's hair in a desired arrangement.	Any tangible or intangible good or service that is a result of a process and that is intended for delivery to a customer or end user.	Anything that is produced; a result.	Illegal drugs, especially cocaine, when viewed as a commodity.	The amount of an artifact that has been created by someone or some process.
product	verb	To produce.
proposal	noun	A scheme or design.	Something which is proposed, or offered for consideration or acceptance.	The act of asking someone to be one's spouse; an offer of marriage.	The document on which such a thing is written.	The offer by a party of what they have in view as to an intended business transaction, which, with acceptance, constitutes a contract.	The terms or conditions proposed.
Spanish	adj	Of or pertaining to Hispanic people or their culture.	Of or pertaining to Spain.	Of or pertaining to the Spanish language.	Of or pertaining to the people or culture of Spain.
Spanish	name	A Romance language primarily spoken in Spain and in the Americas.	A town in Ontario, Canada.
Spanish	noun	Money.	People of Hispanic origin; one whose first language is Spanish.	People of Spain, collectively.	Spanish cuisine; traditional Spanish food.
photo	noun	A digital picture of any kind.	A photo finish.	A photograph.	Photography
photo	verb	To take a photograph of.
neither	det	Not one of two; not either; not one or the other.
neither	conj	Nor.	Not either (used with nor).
neither	pron	Not either one of two.
neither	adv	Similarly not.
ruin	noun	A change that destroys or defeats something; destruction; overthrow.	A fall or tumble.	Complete financial loss; bankruptcy.	Something that leads to serious trouble or destruction.	The act of ruining something.	The remains of a destroyed or dilapidated construction, such as a house or castle.	The state of being a ruin, destroyed or decayed.
ruin	verb	To cause the fiscal ruin of; to bankrupt or drive out of business.	To destroy or render something no longer usable or operable.	To fall into a state of decay.	To make something less enjoyable or likeable.	To reveal the ending of (a story); to spoil.	To seduce or debauch, and thus harm the social standing of.	To upset or overturn the plans or progress of, or to have a disastrous effect on something.
rent	noun	A division or schism.	A payment made by a tenant at intervals in order to lease a property.	A profit from possession of a valuable right, as a restricted license to engage in a trade or business.	A similar payment for the use of a product, equipment or a service.	A tear or rip in some surface.	An amount of virtual currency paid by a player to preserve their character, inventory, etc. between gameplay sessions in a multi-user dungeon.	An object for which rent is charged or paid.	Income; revenue.
rent	verb	To be leased or let for rent.	To grant a lease in return for rent.	To obtain or have temporary possession of an object (e.g. a movie) in exchange for money.	To take a lease of premises in exchange for rent.	simple past and past participle of rend
rent	adj	That has been torn or rent; ripped; torn.
prove	verb	Alternative form of proof (“allow (dough) to rise; test the activeness of (yeast); pressure-test (a firearm)”).	To ascertain or establish the genuineness or validity of; to verify.	To demonstrate that something is true or viable; to give proof for; to bear out; to testify.	To determine by experiment which effects a substance causes when ingested.	To experience.	To put to the test, to make trial of.	To take a trial impression of; to take a proof of.	To turn out to be.	To turn out; to manifest.	simple past of proove
prove	noun	The process of dough proofing.
habit	noun	A long piece of clothing worn by monks and nuns.	A piece of clothing worn for a specific activity; a uniform.	An action performed on a regular basis.	An action performed repeatedly and automatically, usually without awareness.	An addiction.	Form of growth or general appearance and structure of a plant or crystal.	Outward appearance; attire; dress.
habit	verb	To clothe.	To inhabit.
oil	noun	An oil painting.	Liquid fat.	Oil paint.	Petroleum-based liquid used as fuel or lubricant.	Petroleum.
oil	verb	To fuel with oil.	To grease with oil for cooking.	To lubricate with oil.	To say in an unctuous manner.
favor	noun	A kind or helpful deed; an instance of voluntarily assisting (someone).	A letter, a written communication.	A ribbon or similar small item that is worn as an adornment, especially in celebration of an event.	A small gift; a party favor.	Anything worn publicly as a pledge of a woman's favor.	Appearance; look; countenance; face.	Goodwill; benevolent regard.	Mildness or mitigation of punishment; lenity.	Partiality; bias	The object of regard; person or thing favoured.	a resemblance, likeness
favor	verb	To do a favor [noun sense 1] for; to show beneficence toward.	To encourage, conduce to	To look upon fondly; to prefer.	To resemble; especially, to look like (another person).	To use more often.
mom	noun	An adult female owner of a pet.	Mother.	used as a term of address for one's wife
mom	verb	To care for in a motherly way.
opportunity	noun	A chance for advancement, progress or profit.	A favorable circumstance or occasion.	Opportuneness.
depend	verb	To be contingent or conditioned; to have something as a necessary condition	To be pending; to be undetermined or undecided.	To cause to be contingent or dependent on; to set as a necessity.	To hang down; to be sustained by being fastened or attached to something above, especially in heraldry, where a badge, decoration, or element is suspended from another part of an achievement of arms.	To trust; to have confidence; to rely.
detail	noun	A narrative which relates minute points; an account which dwells on particulars.	A part considered trivial enough to ignore.	A part small enough to escape casual notice.	A person's name, address and other personal information.	A profusion of details.	A selected portion of a painting.	A temporary unit or assignment.	An individual feature, fact, or other item, considered separately from the whole of which it is a part.	The small parts that can escape casual notice.
detail	verb	To assign to a particular task.	To clean carefully (particularly of road vehicles, always pronounced. /ˈdiːteɪl/)	To explain in detail.
healthy	adj	Conducive to health.	Enjoying good health; free from disease or disorder.	Evincing health.	Significant, hefty; beneficial.
ability	noun	A skill or competence in doing; mental power; talent; aptitude.	A unique power of the mind; a faculty.	Financial ability.	Physical power.	Suitableness.	The legal wherewithal to act.	The quality or state of being able; capacity to do or of doing something; having the necessary power.
reading	verb	present participle and gerund of read
reading	noun	A piece of literature or passage of scripture read aloud to an audience.	A pronunciation associated with a particular character or word; particularly in East Asian scripts.	A value indicated by a measuring device.	An event at which written material is read aloud.	An interpretation.	One of several stages a bill passes through before becoming law.	Something to read; reading material.	The act or process of imagining sequences of potential moves and responses without actually placing stones.	The content of a reading list.	The extent of what one has read.	The process of interpreting a symbol, a sign or a measuring device.	The process of interpreting written language.
natural	adj	As expected; reasonable, normal; naturally arising from the given circumstances.	Bidding in an intuitive way that reflects one's actual hand.	Closed under submodules, direct sums, and injective hulls.	Containing no artificial or man-made additives; especially (of food) containing no colourings, flavourings or preservatives.	Designating a standard trigonometric function of an angle, as opposed to the logarithmic function.	Existing in nature.	Existing in the nature of a person or thing; innate, not acquired or learned.	Formed by nature; not manufactured or created by artificial processes.	Having a given status (especially of authority) by virtue of birth.	Having an innate ability to fill a given role or profession, or display a specified character.	Neither sharp nor flat. Denoted ♮.	Normally associated with a particular person or thing; inherently related to the nature of a thing or creature.	Not having used anabolic steroids or other performance-enhancing drugs.	Pertaining to a decoration that preserves or enhances the appearance of the original material; not stained or artificially coloured.	Pertaining to a dice roll before bonuses or penalties have been applied to the result.	Pertaining to a fabric still in its undyed state, or to the colour of undyed fabric.	Pertaining to birth or descent; native.	Pertaining to death brought about by disease or old age, rather than by violence, accident etc.	Related by birth; genetically related.	Related genetically but not legally to one's father; born out of wedlock, illegitimate.
natural	noun	A breast which has not been modified by plastic surgery.	A hairstyle for people with Afro-textured hair in which the hair is not straightened or otherwise treated.	A native inhabitant of a place, country etc.	A note that is not or is no longer to be modified by an accidental.	A roll of two dice with a score of 7 or 11 on the comeout roll.	An almost white colour, with tints of grey, yellow or brown; originally that of natural fabric.	One with a simple mind; a fool or idiot.	One with an innate talent at or for something.	One's life.	Someone who has not used anabolic steroids or other performance-enhancing substances.	The symbol ♮ used to indicate such a natural note.
natural	adv	Naturally; in a natural manner.
middle	noun	A centre, midpoint.	The central part of a human body; the waist.	The middle stump.	The middle voice.	The part between the beginning and the end.	the center of the political spectrum.
middle	adj	Central.	Located in the middle; in between.	Pertaining to the middle voice.
middle	verb	To double (a rope) into two equal portions; to fold in the middle.	To strike (the ball) with the middle portion of the face of the bat.	To take a middle view of.
issue	noun	A confluence: the mouth of a river; the outlet of a lake or other body of water.	A difficult choice between two alternatives, a dilemma.	A movement of soldiers towards an enemy, a sortie.	A point of law or fact in dispute or question in a legal action presented for resolution by the court.	A psychological or emotional difficulty, (now informal, figurative and usually euphemistic) any problem or concern considered as a vague and intractable difficulty.	A race of people considered as the descendants of some common ancestor.	A sewer.	A single edition of a newspaper or other periodical publication.	A small incision, tear, or artificial ulcer, used to drain fluid and usually held open with a pea or other small object.	An exit from a room or building.	Any action or deed performed by a person.	Any financial instrument issued by a company.	Any question or situation to be resolved	Any question or situation to be resolved, particularly	Anything in dispute, an area of disagreement whose resolution is being debated or decided.	Income derived from fines levied by a court or law-enforcement officer; the fines themselves.	Luck considered as the favor or disfavor of nature, the gods, or God.	Offspring: one's natural child or children.	Progeny: all one's lineal descendants.	Someone or something that flows out or comes out	The action or an instance of a company selling bonds, stock, or other securities.	The action or an instance of concluding something	The action or an instance of feeling some emotion.	The action or an instance of flowing or coming out, an outflow	The action or an instance of leaving any state or condition.	The action or an instance of sending something out	The action or an instance of sending something out, particularly	The bodily fluid drained through a natural or artificial issue.	The distribution of something (particularly rations or standardized provisions) to someone or some group.	The end of any action or process.	The end of any period of time.	The end result of an event or events, any result or outcome	The end result of an event or events, any result or outcome, particularly	The entire set of some item printed and disseminated during a certain period, particularly (publishing) a single printing of a particular edition of a work when contrasted with other print runs.	The entire set of something; all of something.	The entrails of a slaughtered animal.	The loan of a book etc. from a library to a patron; all such loans by a given library during a given period.	The means or opportunity by which something flows or comes out	The means or opportunity by which something flows or comes out, particularly	The outflow of a bodily fluid, particularly (now rare) in abnormal amounts.	The place where something flows or comes out, an outlet	The produce or income derived from farmland or rental properties.	The production or distribution of something for general use.	The result of a discussion or negotiation, an agreement.	The result of an investigation or consideration, a conclusion.
issue	verb	To come to a point in fact or law on which the parties join issue.	To deliver by authority.	To deliver for use.	To end up as, to turn out being, to become as a result.	To extend into, to open onto.	To flow out, to proceed from, to come out or from.	To rush out, to sally forth.	To send out; to put into circulation.	To turn out in a certain way, to result in.
reply	verb	To act or gesture in response.	To give a written or spoken response, especially to a question, request, accusation or criticism; to answer.	To repeat something back; to echo.
reply	noun	A counterattack.	A document written by a party specifically replying to a responsive declaration and in some cases an answer.	A written or spoken response; part of a conversation.	Something given in reply.	The answer of a figure.
island	noun	A bench, counter, etc., that is not connected to a wall or other furniture and which can be used from any side.	A contiguous area of land, smaller than a continent, partially surrounded by water; A peninsula; A half-island.	A contiguous area of land, smaller than a continent, totally surrounded by water.	A phrase from which a wh-word cannot be extracted without yielding invalid grammar.	A roundabout; a traffic circle.	A superstructure on an aircraft carrier's deck.	A traffic island.	An entity surrounded by other entities that are very different from itself.	An unincorporated area wholly surrounded by one or more incorporated areas.
island	verb	To isolate.	To set, dot (as if) with islands.	To surround with water; make into an island.
remind	verb	To cause one to experience a memory (of someone or something); to bring to the notice or consideration (of a person).
remind	noun	An act of reminding; a reminder.
England	name	A city in Lonoke County, Arkansas, United States.	A habitational surname from Old English.	Synonym of England and Wales.	Synonym of Great Britain or United Kingdom.	The largest and most populous constituent country of the United Kingdom; established in southern Britain by Aethelstan of Wessex in 927.	The territory of the Angles and (later) Anglo-Saxons in Britain at any given time before the founding of the Kingdom of England, or the territory of the English people at any given time, in either the Kingdom of England or the United Kingdom.
willing	adj	Ready to do something, particularly something that requires change or effort; not objecting.
willing	noun	The execution of a will.
willing	verb	present participle and gerund of will
suitcase	noun	A large (usually rectangular) piece of luggage used for carrying clothes, and sometimes suits, when travelling.	In the Classic Mac OS operating system, a file containing fonts, icons, sounds, and other resources.
suitcase	verb	To smuggle in one's rectum.	To trade using samples in a suitcase.
damage	noun	Cost or expense.	Injury or harm; the condition or measure of something not being intact.
damage	verb	To impair the soundness, goodness, or value of; to harm or cause destruction.	To remove a damaged or unsalable item from the sales floor for processing.	To undergo damage; to take damage.
luck	noun	A favourable chance occurrence.	A superstitious feeling that brings fortune or success.	Something that happens to someone by chance, a chance occurrence.	Success.	The results of a random number generator.
luck	verb	To find something through good fortune; used with into, on, onto or upon.
ignore	verb	Fail to notice.	Not to know.	To deliberately not listen or pay attention to.	To pretend to not notice someone or something.
education	noun	Facts, skills and ideas that have been learned, especially through formal instruction.	The process of imparting knowledge, skill and judgment.	Upbringing, rearing.
slow	adj	Behind in time; indicating a time earlier than the true time.	Lacking spirit; deficient in liveliness or briskness.	Not busy; lacking activity.	Not happening in a short time; spread over a comparatively long time.	Not hasty; not tending to hurry; acting with deliberation or caution.	Of reduced intellectual capacity; not quick to comprehend.	Taking a long time to move or go a short distance, or to perform an action; not quick in motion; proceeding at a low speed.
slow	verb	To become slow; to slacken in speed; to decelerate.	To keep from going quickly; to hinder the progress of.	To make (something) run, move, etc. less quickly; to reduce the speed of.
slow	noun	A slow song.	Someone who is slow; a sluggard.
slow	adv	Slowly.
knock	noun	A ball hit into play, especially one that becomes a hit.	A batsman's innings.	A blow or setback.	A criticism.	A sharp impact.	An abrupt rapping sound, as from an impact of a hard object against wood.	Preignition, a type of abnormal combustion occurring in spark ignition engines caused by self-ignition; also, the characteristic knocking sound associated with it.	Synonym of hunger knock.
knock	verb	To bump or impact.	To criticize verbally; to denigrate; to undervalue.	To end play by declaring one's hand to have under a certain amount of deadwood.	To have sex with.	To hit a ball into play.	To impress forcibly or strongly; to astonish; to move to admiration or applause.	To kick a ball towards another player; to pass.	To prosecute under the law; to arrest, imprison, etc.	To rap one's knuckles against something, especially wood.	To strike for admittance; to rap upon, as a door.
pleased	adj	Happy, content
pleased	verb	simple past and past participle of please
theory	noun	A coherent statement or set of ideas that explains observed facts or phenomena and correctly predicts new facts or phenomena not previously observed, or which sets out the laws and principles of something known or observed; a hypothesis confirmed by observation, experiment etc.	A description of an event or system that is considered to be accurate.	A field of study attempting to exhaustively describe a particular class of constructs.	A hypothesis or conjecture.	A set of axioms together with all statements derivable from them; or, a set of statements which are deductively closed. Equivalently, a formal language plus a set of axioms (from which can then be derived theorems). The statements may be required to all be bound (i.e., to have no free variables).	Mental conception; reflection, consideration.	The standardization and study of fixed sequences of moves, especially in the opening phase of a game.	The underlying principles or methods of a given technical skill, art etc., as opposed to its practice.
express	adj	Moving or operating quickly, as a train not making local stops.	Providing a more limited but presumably faster service than a full or complete dealer of the same kind or type.	Specific or precise; directly and distinctly stated; not merely implied.	Truly depicted; exactly resembling.
express	noun	A clear image or representation; an expression; a plain declaration.	A messenger sent on a special errand; a courier.	A mode of transportation, often a train, that travels quickly or directly, either on a regular schedule or as a special or excursion. Express trains often pass through stations along the way without stopping at them.	A service that allows mail or money to be sent rapidly from one destination to another.	A specific statement or instruction.	An express office.	An express rifle.	That which is sent by an express messenger or message.	The action of conveying some idea using words or actions; communication, expression.	a public utility vehicle, typically a jeepney, that traverses through an expressway
express	adv	Moving or operating quickly, as a train not making local stops.
express	verb	To convey or communicate; to make known or explicit.	To press, squeeze out (especially said of milk).	To transcribe deoxyribonucleic acid into messenger RNA.	To translate messenger RNA into protein.
except	verb	To exclude; to specify as being an exception.	To take exception, to object (to or against).
except	prep	Used to introduce an exception or qualification to something previously stated.
except	conj	Loosely, used to introduce a contrastive statement explaining why something wasn't successful, didn't happen, etc.	Unless; used to introduce a hypothetical case in which an exception may exist.	Used to introduce a clause, phrase, verb infinitive, adverb or other non-noun complement forming an exception or qualification to something previously stated.
lesson	verb	To give a lesson to; to teach.	To instruct to teach.
lesson	noun	A learning task assigned to a student; homework.	A section of learning or teaching into which a wider learning content is divided.	A section of the Bible or other religious text read as part of a divine service.	A severe lecture; reproof; rebuke; warning.	An exercise; a composition serving an educational purpose; a study.	Something learned or to be learned.	Something that serves as a warning or encouragement.
failure	noun	A condition in which a specified organ does not function well enough to support life.	An object, person or endeavour in a state of failure, has failed at something or incapable of success.	Bankruptcy.	Omission to do something, whether or not it was attempted, especially something that ought to have been done.	State or condition of not meeting a desirable or intended objective, opposite of success.	Termination of the ability of an item to perform its required function; breakdown.
introduce	verb	To add (something) to a system, a mixture, or a container.	To bring (something) into practice.	To cause (someone) to be acquainted (with someone else).	To make (something or someone) known by formal announcement or recommendation.
shower	noun	A baby shower.	A battle, an attack; conflict.	A bridal shower.	A brief fall of precipitation (spell of rain, or a similar fall of snow, sleet, or cascade); burst of hefty precipitation.	A device for bathing by which water is made to fall on the body from a height, either from a tank or by the action of a pump.	A group of people perceived as incompetent or worthless.	A man whose penis is close to its full (erect) size when flaccid, or the penis itself.	A party associated with a significant event in a person's life, at which the person usually receives gifts.	A pattern where the juggler passes objects horizontally from one hand to the other around chest height, and upward over the juggler's head to return to the first hand.	A quantity of something that has characteristics of a rain shower.	A shower of shit.	An instance of using of this device in order to bathe oneself.	An object or activity that is shown in a contest.	One who shows.	Used as an intensifying pluralizer or intensifier
shower	verb	To bathe using a shower.	To bestow liberally, to give or distribute in abundance.	To rain in a shower; to cascade down.	To spray with (a specified liquid).
tax	noun	A burdensome demand.	A task exacted from one who is under control; a contribution or service, the rendering of which is imposed upon a subject.	Money paid to the government other than for transaction-specific goods and services.	charge; censure
tax	verb	To accuse.	To examine accounts in order to allow or disallow items.	To impose and collect a tax from (a person or company).	To impose and collect a tax on (something).	To make excessive demands on.
dad	noun	A blow; act of striking something.	A father, a male parent.	A lump or piece.	Alternative form of daad (“Arabic letter ض”).	Used to address an older adult male.	Used to address one's father; often capitalized.
dad	verb	To act like a dad.	To be a father to; to parent.	To throw against something; to dash.
hire	noun	A person who has been hired, especially in a cohort.	Payment for the temporary use of something.	Reward.	The state of being hired, or having a job; employment.
hire	verb	(neologism) (in the Jobs-to-be-Done Theory) To buy something in order for it to perform a function, to do a job	To accept employment.	To accomplish by paying for services.	To employ; to obtain the services of (a person) in exchange for remuneration; to give someone a job.	To exchange the services of for remuneration.	To obtain the services of in return for fixed payment.	To occupy premises in exchange for rent.
fat	adj	Abounding in riches; affluent; fortunate.	Alternative form of phat.	Being a shot in which the ground is struck before the ball.	Being greatly or substantially such; real.	Bountiful.	Bulbous; rotund.	Carrying additional data or functionality.	Carrying more fat than usual on one's body; plump; not lean or thin.	Exhibiting the qualities of a fat animal; coarse; heavy; gross; dull; stupid.	Fertile; productive.	Of a character which enables the compositor to make large wages; said of matter containing blank, cuts, or many leads, etc.	Of a role: significant; major; meaty.	Oily; greasy; unctuous; rich (said of food).	Rich; producing a large income; desirable.	Thick; large.
fat	noun	A beef cattle fattened for sale.	A dry measure, generally equal to nine bushels.	A fat person.	A large tub or vessel for water, wine, or other liquids; a cistern.	A lipid that is solid at room temperature, which fat tissue contains and which is also found in the blood circulation; sometimes, a refined substance chemically resembling such naturally occurring lipids.	A poorly played shot where the ball is struck by the top part of the club head. (see also thin, shank, toe)	A specialized animal tissue with high lipid content, used for long-term storage of energy: fat tissue.	An erection.	Such tissue as food: the fatty portion of (or trimmings from) meat cuts.	That part of an organization deemed wasteful.	The best or richest productions; the best part.	Work containing much blank, or its equivalent, and therefore profitable to the compositor.
fat	verb	To become fat; to fatten.	To hit (a golf ball) with a fat shot.	To make fat; to fatten.
guilty	adj	Blameworthy.	Having a sense of guilt.	Judged to have committed a crime.	Responsible for a dishonest act.
guilty	noun	A plea by a defendant who does not contest a charge.	A verdict of a judge or jury on a defendant judged to have committed a crime.	One who is declared guilty of a crime.
distance	noun	A difference in pitch between sounds; an interval.	A disagreement, a dispute; also, an estrangement.	A separation in some way other than space or time.	An amount of space between points (often geographical points), usually (but not necessarily) measured along a straight line.	An interval or length of time between events.	Chiefly in from a distance: a place which is far away or remote; specifically (especially painting), a more remote part of a landscape or view as contrasted with the foreground.	Chiefly preceded by the, especially in into or in the distance: the place that is far away or remote.	Chiefly with a modifying word: a measure between two points or quantities; a difference, a variance.	Excessive reserve or lack of friendliness shown by a person; aloofness, coldness.	Often followed by to or towards: an attitude of remoteness or reserve which respect requires; hence, ceremoniousness.	Often in go the distance, last the distance, or stay the distance: the scheduled duration of a bout.	Originally, the space measured back from the winning post which a racehorse running in a heat must reach when the winner has covered the whole course, in order to run in a subsequent heat; also, the point on the racecourse that space away from the winning post; now, the point on a racecourse 240 yards from the winning post.	Synonym of length (“an extent measured along the longest dimension of an object”).	The amount of space between a fencer and their opponent, which the fencer tries to control in order to gain an advantage over the opponent.	The amount of space between points (often geographical points), usually (but not necessarily) measured along a straight line.	The amount of space between soldiers or cavalry riders marching or standing in a rank; also, the amount of space between such ranks.	The complete length of a course over which a race is run.	The entire amount of progress to an objective.	The maximum amount of space between a boxer and their opponent within which the boxer can punch effectively.	The rank to which an important person belongs.	The state of being separated from something else, especially by a long way; the state of being far off or remote; farness, remoteness.	The state of disagreement or dispute between people; dissension.	The state of people not being close, friendly, or intimate with each other; also, the state of people who were once close, friendly, or intimate with each other no longer being so; estrangement.	The state of remoteness or separation in some way other than space or time.
distance	verb	Of a racehorse: to beat (another horse) by a certain distance; also (passive voice), to cause (a horse) to be disqualified by beating it by a certain distance.	Often followed by from.	Often followed by from: to set (someone or something) at a distance (noun sense 1.1) from someone or something else.	To cause (a place, a thing, etc.) to seem distant, or (figurative) unfamiliar.	To cover the entire distance to (something).	To depart from (a place); to leave (a place) behind.	To exceed or surpass (someone, such as a peer or rival); to outdo, to outstrip.	To indicate or measure the distance to (a place).	To keep (oneself) away from someone or something, especially because one does not want to be associated with that person or thing.	To keep (someone) emotionally or socially apart from another person or people.	To keep oneself emotionally or socially apart from another person or people; to keep one's distance.	To leave behind (someone or something moving in the same direction; specifically, other competitors in a race) some distance away; to outpace, to outstrip.	To set (two or more things) at regular distances from each other; to space, to space out.	To set oneself at a distance from someone or something else; to move away from someone or something.
energy	noun	A measure of how many actions a player or unit can take; in the fantasy genre often called magic points or mana.	A quantity that denotes the ability to do work and is measured in a unit dimensioned in mass × distance²/time² (ML²/T²) or the equivalent.	An atmosphere, aura, or vibe.	An intangible, modifiable force (usually characterized as either 'positive' or 'negative') believed in some New Age religions to emanate from a person, place or thing and which is (or can be) preserved and transferred in human interactions; shared mood or group habit.	The capacity to do work.	The external actions and influences resulting from an entity’s internal nature (ousia) and by which it is made manifest, as opposed to that internal nature itself; the aspect of an entity that can affect the wider world and be apprehended by other beings.	The impetus behind all motion and all activity.
apply	verb	To address oneself; to refer.	To busy; to keep at work; to ply.	To lay or place; to put (one thing to another)	To make use of, declare, or pronounce, as suitable, fitting, or relevant.	To pertain or be relevant.	To put closely; to join; to engage and employ diligently or with attention.	To put to use; to use or employ for a particular purpose, or in a particular case	To submit oneself as a candidate (with the adposition "to" or "at" designating the recipient of the submission, and the adposition "for" designating the position).	To visit.	To work diligently and attentively.
apply	adj	Alternative spelling of appley.
taxi	noun	A vehicle that may be hired for single journeys by members of the public, particularly one with an automated meter to calculate the fare.	An aircraft used for practicing ground manoeuvres.	Synonym of shared taxi.	The movement of an aircraft across an airport's surface under its own power; a phase of aircraft operation involving this movement.
taxi	verb	To move an aircraft on the ground under its own power.	To travel by taxicab.
10	noun	Clipping of 1080 (“1080° spin”).	Ellipsis of perfect 10 (“perfect ten”).
guest	noun	A patron or customer in a hotel etc.	A recipient of hospitality, especially someone staying by invitation at the house of another.	A user given temporary access to a system despite not having an account of their own.	An inquiline.	An invited visitor or performer to an institution or to a broadcast.	Any insect that lives in the nest of another without compulsion and usually not as a parasite.
guest	verb	As a musician: to play as a guest, providing an instrument that a band/orchestra does not normally have in its line up (for instance, percussion in a string band).	To appear as a guest, especially on a broadcast.	To receive or entertain hospitably.
press	noun	A commission to force men into public service, particularly into the navy.	A crowd.	A device used to apply pressure to an item.	A printing machine.	A publisher.	An additional bet in a golf match that duplicates an existing (usually losing) wager in value, but begins even at the time of the bet.	An enclosed storage space (e.g. closet, cupboard).	An exercise in which weight is forced away from the body by extension of the arms or legs.	An instance of applying pressure; an instance of pressing.	In personology, any environmental factor that arouses a need in the individual.	Pure, unfermented grape juice.	The print-based media (both the people and the newspapers).
press	verb	To activate a button or key by exerting a downward or forward force on it, and then releasing it.	To clasp, hold in an embrace.	To compress, squeeze.	To drive or thrust by pressure, to force in a certain direction.	To exert weight or force against, to act upon with force or weight; to exert pressure upon.	To flatten a selected area of fabric using an iron with an up-and-down, not sliding, motion, so as to avoid disturbing adjacent areas.	To force into service, particularly into naval service.	To force to a certain end or result; to urge strongly.	To hasten, urge onward.	To lay stress upon.	To print.	To reduce to a particular shape or form by pressure, especially flatten or smooth.	To throng, crowd.	To try to force (something upon someone).	To urge, beseech, entreat.	To weigh upon, oppress, trouble.
clock	noun	A CPU clock cycle, or T-state.	A chronometer, an instrument that measures time, particularly the time of day.	A common noun relating to an instrument that measures or keeps track of time.	A large beetle, especially the European dung beetle (Geotrupes stercorarius).	A luck-based patience or solitaire card game with the cards laid out to represent the face of a clock.	A pattern near the heel of a sock or stocking.	A time clock.	A watch (timepiece).	An electrical signal that synchronizes timing among digital circuits of semiconductor chips or modules.	The odometer of a motor vehicle.	The seed head of a dandelion.
clock	verb	To beat a video game.	To falsify the reading of the odometer of a vehicle.	To hatch.	To hit (someone) heavily.	To identify (someone) as having some attribute (for example, being trans or gay).	To make the sound of a hen; to cluck.	To measure the duration of.	To measure the speed of.	To notice; to take notice of (someone or something).	To ornament (e.g. the side of a stocking) with figured work.	To recognize; to assess, register.
earn	verb	Of milk: to curdle, espcially in the cheesemaking process.	To achieve by being worthy of.	To cause (someone) to receive payment or reward.	To curdle (milk), especially in the cheesemaking process.	To gain (success, reward, recognition) through applied effort or work.	To grieve.	To receive payment for work or for a role or position held (regardless of whether effort was applied or whether the remuneration is deserved or commensurate).	To receive payment for work.	To strongly long or yearn (for something or to do something).
earn	noun	Alternative form of erne
conversation	noun	Behaviour, the way one conducts oneself; a person's way of life.	Engagement with a specific subject, idea, field of study etc.	Expression and exchange of individual ideas through talking with other people; also, a set instance or occasion of such talking.	Interaction; commerce or intercourse with other people; dealing with others.	Sexual intercourse.	The back-and-forth play of the blades in a bout.	The protocol-based interaction between systems processing a transaction.
conversation	verb	To engage in conversation (with).
involve	verb	Chiefly followed by with: to engage (someone or oneself) in an emotional or sexual relationship.	To cause or engage (someone or something) to become connected or implicated, or to participate, in some activity or situation.	To cover or envelop (something) completely; to hide, to surround.	To entangle, intertwine, or mingle (something with one or more other things, or several things together); especially, to entangle (someone or something) in a confusing or troublesome situation.	To form (something) into a coil or spiral, or into folds; to entwine, to fold up, to roll, to wind round.	To have (something) as a component or a related part; to comprise, to include.	To include (something) as a logical or natural, or necessary component, or consequence or effect of something else; to entail, to imply.	To make (something) intricate; to complicate.	To multiply (a number) by itself a given number of times; to raise to any assigned power.
gold	noun	A coin or coinage made of this material, or supposedly so.	A deep yellow colour, resembling the metal gold.	A gold medal.	A grill (jewellery worn on front teeth) made of gold.	A heavy yellow elemental metal of great value, with atomic number 79 and symbol Au.	Anything or anyone that is very valuable.	The bullseye of an archery target.
gold	symbol	☉ (alchemy)
gold	adj	Having the colour of gold.	In a finished state, ready for manufacturing.	Made of gold.	Of a musical recording: having sold 500,000 copies.	Premium, superior.	Subject to or involving a model of open access in which a published article is immediately available for to read for free with no embargo period.
gold	verb	To appear or cause to appear golden.
gold	adv	of or referring to a gold version of something
article	noun	A distinct part.	A part of speech that indicates, specifies and limits a noun (a, an, or the in English). In some languages the article may appear as an ending (e.g. definite article in Swedish) or there may be none (e.g. Russian, Pashto).	A part or segment of something joined to other parts, or, in combination, forming a structured set.	A person; an individual.	A piece of nonfiction writing such as a story, report, opinion piece, or entry in a newspaper, magazine, journal, encyclopedia, etc.	A precise point in time; a moment.	A section of a legal document, bylaws, etc. or, in the plural, the entire document seen as a collection of these.	A wench.	An object, a member of a group or class.	Ellipsis of genuine article.	Subject matter; concern.
article	verb	To accuse or charge by an exhibition of articles or accusations.	To bind by articles of apprenticeship.	To formulate in articles; to set forth in distinct particulars.
fair	adj	Adequate, reasonable, or decent, but not excellent.	Beautiful, of a pleasing appearance, with a pure and fresh quality.	Between the baselines.	Favorable to a ship's course.	Favorable, pleasant.	Free from obstacles or hindrances; unobstructed; unencumbered; open; direct; said of a road, passage, etc.	Just, equitable.	Light in color, pale, particularly with regard to skin tone but also referring to blond and red hair.	Not a no ball.	Not overcast; cloudless; clear.	Of a coin or die, having equal chance of landing on any side, unbiased.	Taken direct from an opponent's foot, without the ball touching the ground or another player.	Unblemished (figuratively or literally); clean and pure; innocent.	Without sudden change of direction or curvature; smooth; flowing; said of the figure of a vessel, and of surfaces, water lines, and other lines.
fair	noun	A community gathering to celebrate and exhibit local achievements.	A fair woman; a sweetheart.	A travelling amusement park (called a funfair in British English and a (travelling) carnival in US English).	A woman, a member of the ‘fair sex’; also as a collective singular, women.	An event for professionals in a trade to learn of new products and do business, a trade fair.	An event for public entertainment and trade, a market.	Fairness, beauty.	Good fortune; good luck.	Something which is fair (in various senses of the adjective).
fair	verb	To bring into perfect alignment (especially about rivet holes when connecting structural members).	To construct or design with the aim of producing a smooth outline or reducing air drag or water resistance.	To make an animation smooth, removing any jerkiness.	To make fair or beautiful.	To smoothen or even a surface (especially a connection or junction on a surface).
fair	adv	Almost; to a great extent but not literally.	Clearly, openly, frankly, civilly, honestly, favorably, auspiciously, agreeably.
dirty	adj	Carrying illegal drugs among one's possessions or inside of one's bloodstream.	Containing data needing to be written back to memory or disk.	Corrupt, illegal, or improper.	Dishonorable; violating accepted standards or rules.	Having the undercarriage or flaps in the down position.	Morally unclean; obscene or indecent, especially sexually.	Of an alcoholic beverage, especially a cocktail or mixed drink: served with the juice of olives.	Of an audio recording: containing unwanted noise.	Of color, discolored by impurities.	Of food, covered in an array of indulgent toppings.	Of food, indulgent in an unhealthy way.	Out of tune.	Sleety; gusty; stormy.	Spreading harmful radiation over a wide area.	That makes one unclean; corrupting, infecting.	Unclean; covered with or containing unpleasant substances such as dirt or grime.	Used as an intensifier, especially in conjunction with "great".
dirty	adv	In a dirty manner.
dirty	verb	To become soiled.	To debase by distorting the real nature of (something).	To make (something) dirty.	To stain or tarnish (somebody) with dishonor.
century	noun	A banknote in the denomination of one hundred dollars.	A hundred runs scored either by a single player in one innings, or by two players in a partnership.	A hundred things of the same kind; a hundred.	A period of 100 consecutive years; often specifically a numbered period with conventional start and end dates, e.g., the twentieth century, which stretches from (strictly) 1901 through 2000, or (informally) 1900 through 1999. The first century AD was from 1 to 100.	A political division of ancient Rome, meeting in the Centuriate Assembly.	A race a hundred units (as meters, kilometres, miles) in length.	A score of one hundred points.	A unit in ancient Roman army, originally of 100 army soldiers as part of a cohort, later of more varied sizes (but typically containing 60 to 70 or 80) soldiers or other men (guards, police, firemen), commanded by a centurion.
useful	adj	Having a practical or beneficial use.
argument	noun	A fact or statement used to support a proposition; a reason.	A matter in question; a business in hand.	A parameter at a function call; an actual parameter, as opposed to a formal parameter.	A process of reasoning; argumentation.	A quantity on which the calculation of another quantity depends.	A series of propositions organized so that the final proposition is a conclusion which is intended to follow logically from the preceding propositions, which function as premises.	A value, or a reference to a value, passed to a function.	A verbal dispute; a quarrel.	An abstract or summary of the content of a literary work such as a book, a poem or a major section such as a chapter, included in the work before the content itself; (figuratively) the contents themselves.	Any dispute, altercation, or collision.	Any of the phrases that bear a syntactic connection to the verb of a clause.	Evidence, proof; (countable) an item of such evidence or proof.	The independent variable of a function.	The phase of a complex number.	The subject matter of an artistic representation, discourse, or writing; a theme or topic.
argument	verb	To adduce evidence, to provide proof.	To put forward as an argument; to argue.
meaning	noun	Intention.	The connotation associated with a word, expression, or symbol.	The denotation, referent, or idea connected with a word, expression, or symbol.	The purpose, value, or significance (of something) beyond the fact of that thing's existence.
meaning	verb	present participle and gerund of mean
meaning	adj	Expressing some intention or significance; meaningful.	Having a (specified) intention.
means	noun	An instrument or condition to achieve a result.	Financial resources; wealth.	Substantial wealth.	plural of mean
means	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of mean
exercise	noun	A setting in action or practicing; employment in the proper mode of activity; exertion; application; use.	Activity intended to improve physical, or sometimes mental, strength and fitness.	Any activity designed to develop or hone a skill or ability.	That which gives practice; a trial; a test.	The performance of an office, ceremony, or duty.
exercise	verb	To exert for the sake of training or improvement; to practice in order to develop.	To occupy the attention and effort of; to task; to tax, especially in a painful or vexatious manner; harass; to vex; to worry or make anxious.	To perform physical activity for health or training.	To set in action; to cause to act, move, or make exertion; to give employment to.	To use (a right, an option, etc.); to put into practice.
gain	verb	To acquire possession of.	To come off winner or victor in; to be successful in; to obtain by competition.	To draw into any interest or party; to win to one’s side; to conciliate.	To grow more likely to catch or overtake someone.	To have or receive advantage or profit; to acquire gain; to grow rich; to advance in interest, health, or happiness; to make progress.	To increase.	To put on weight.	To reach.	To run fast.
gain	noun	A square or bevelled notch cut out of a girder, binding joist, or other timber which supports a floor beam, so as to receive the end of the floor beam.	The act of gaining; acquisition.	The factor by which a signal is multiplied.	The thing or things gained.
gain	prep	Against.
gain	adj	Easy; tolerable; handy, dexterous.	Honest; respectable; moderate; cheap.	Straight, direct; near; short.	Suitable; convenient; ready.
gain	adv	Straightly; quickly; by the nearest way or means.	Suitably; conveniently; dexterously; moderately.	Tolerably; fairly.
corner	noun	A corner kick.	A cornerback.	A place where people meet for a particular purpose.	A point scored in a rubber at whist.	A secret or secluded place; a remote or out of the way place; a nook.	A sufficient interest in a salable security or commodity to allow the cornering party to influence prices.	An edge or extremity; the part farthest from the center; hence, any quarter or part, or the direction in which it lies.	An embarrassing situation; a difficulty.	An intersection of two streets; any of the four outer points off the street at that intersection.	Complete control or ownership of something.	Denoting a premises that is in a convenient local location, notionally, but not necessarily literally, on the corner of two streets.	First base or third base.	One of the four vertices of the strike zone.	One who corns, or preserves food in salt.	Relating to the playing field.	The corner of the ring, which is where the boxer rests before and during a fight.	The group of people who assist a boxer during a bout.	The neighborhood surrounding an intersection of rural roads.	The point where two converging lines meet; an angle, either external or internal.	The projection into space of an angle in a solid object.	The space in the angle between converging lines or walls which meet in a point.
corner	verb	To drive (someone or something) into a corner or other confined space.	To get sufficient command of (a stock, commodity, etc.), so as to be able to manipulate its price.	To handle while moving around a corner in a road or otherwise turning.	To put (someone) in an awkward situation.	To supply with corners.	To trap in a position of great difficulty or hopeless embarrassment.	To turn a corner or drive around a curve.
corner	intj	Spoken by service staff such as waiters when walking around a corner, to warn other staff and prevent a collision.
mile	noun	A race of 1 mile's length; a race of around 1 mile's length (usually 1500 or 1600 meters)	An airline mile in a frequent flyer program.	Any of many customary units of length derived from the Roman mile (mille passus) of 8 stades or 5,000 Roman feet.	Any of many customary units of length from other measurement systems of roughly similar values, as the Chinese mile or Arabic mile.	Any of several customary units of length derived from the 1593 English statute mile of 8 furlongs, equivalent to 5,280 feet or 1,760 yards of various precise values.	Any similarly large distance.	One mile per hour, as a measure of speed.	The Scandinavian mile: a unit of length precisely equal to 10 kilometers defined in 1889.	The international mile: a unit of length precisely equal to 1.609344 kilometers established by treaty among Anglophone nations in 1959, divided into 5,280 feet or 1,760 yards.
marriage	noun	A close union.	A homosexual relationship between male prisoners.	A joining of two parts.	A king and a queen, when held as a hand in some versions of poker or melded in pinochle.	A union of two or more people that creates a family tie and carries legal, social, and/or religious rights and responsibilities.	A wedding; a ceremony in which people wed.	In solitaire or patience games, the placing a card of the same suit on the next one above or below it in value.	The state of being married.	The union of only two people, to the exclusion of all others.	The union of two people of opposite sex, to the exclusion of all others.
ski	noun	A trip made by skiing.	One of a pair of long flat runners designed for gliding over snow or water.	One of a pair of long flat runners under some flying machines, used for landing.
ski	verb	To move on skis.	To travel over (a slope, etc.) on skis; to travel on skis at (a place), (especially as a sport).
quick	adj	Alive, living.	At the stage where it can be felt to move in the uterus.	Burning, flammable, fiery.	Easily aroused to anger; quick-tempered.	Flowing, not stagnant.	Fresh; bracing; sharp; keen.	Lively, fast-thinking, witty, intelligent.	Mentally agile, alert, perceptive.	Moving with speed, rapidity or swiftness, or capable of doing so; rapid; fast.	Not cryptic.	Occurring in a short time; happening or done rapidly.	Pregnant, especially at the stage where the foetus's movements can be felt; figuratively, alive with some emotion or feeling.	productive; not "dead" or barren
quick	adv	Answer quickly.	Quickly, in a quick manner.
quick	noun	A fast bowler.	Plants used in making a quickset hedge	Quitchgrass.	Raw or sensitive flesh, especially that underneath finger and toe nails.	Synonym of living (“those who are alive”).	The life; the mortal point; a vital part; a part susceptible to serious injury or keen feeling.
quick	verb	To amalgamate surfaces prior to gilding or silvering by dipping them into a solution of mercury in nitric acid.	To quicken.
bite	verb	To accept something offered, often secretly or deceptively, to cause some action by the acceptor.	To attack with the teeth.	To behave aggressively; to reject advances.	To bite a baited hook or other lure and thus be caught.	To cause a smarting sensation; to have a property which causes such a sensation; to be pungent.	To cause sharp pain or damage to; to hurt or injure.	To cause sharp pain; to produce anguish; to hurt or injure; to have the property of so doing.	To cut into something by clamping the teeth.	To deceive or defraud; to take in.	To have significant effect, often negative.	To hold something by clamping one's teeth.	To lack quality; to be worthy of derision; to suck.	To perform oral sex on. Used in invective.	To plagiarize, to imitate.	To sting.	To take hold of; to hold fast; to adhere to.	To take hold; to establish firm contact with.	To take or keep a firm hold.
bite	noun	A blank on the edge or corner of a page, owing to a portion of the frisket, or something else, intervening between the type and paper.	A cheat; a trick; a fraud.	A cut, a proportion of profits; an amount of money.	A piece of food of a size that would be produced by biting; a mouthful.	A sharper; one who cheats.	A small meal or snack.	Aggression.	An act of plagiarism.	Ellipsis of sound bite.	Something unpleasant.	The act of biting.	The hold which the short end of a lever has upon the thing to be lifted, or the hold which one part of a machine has upon another.	The swelling of one's skin caused by an insect's mouthparts or sting.	The turn that a spin bowler imparts to a pitch.	The wound left behind after having been bitten.	incisiveness, provocativeness, exactness.
value	noun	Any definite numerical quantity or other mathematical object, determined by being measured, computed, or otherwise defined.	Esteem; regard.	Precise meaning; import.	That which is valued or highly esteemed, such as one's morals, morality, or belief system.	The amount (of money or goods or services) that is considered to be a fair equivalent for something else.	The degree of importance given to something.	The quality that renders something desirable or valuable; worth.	The relative darkness or lightness of a color in (a specific area of) a painting etc.	The relative duration of a musical note.	The valuable ingredients to be obtained by treating a mass or compound; specifically, the precious metals contained in rock, gravel, etc.	Valour.
value	verb	To determine or estimate the value of; to judge the worth of.	To hold dear; to cherish.	To regard highly; think much of; place importance upon.
itself	pron	it; A thing as the object of a verb or preposition that also appears as the subject	it; used to intensify the subject, especially to emphasize that it is the only participant in the predicate	it; used to refer back to an earlier subject
truck	noun	A heavier motor vehicle designed to carry goods or to pull a semi-trailer designed to carry goods; (in Malaysia/Singapore) a such vehicle with a closed or covered carriage.	A platform with wheels or casters.	A railroad car, chiefly one designed to carry goods.	A small wheel or roller, specifically the wheel of a gun carriage.	Abbreviation of railroad truck or wheel truck; a pivoting frame, one attached to the bottom of the bed of a railway car at each end, that rests on the axle and which swivels to allow the axle (at each end of which is a solid wheel) to turn with curves in the track.	Any smaller wagon or cart or vehicle of various designs, pushed or pulled by hand or (obsolete) pulled by an animal, used to move and sometimes lift goods, like those in hotels for moving luggage or in libraries for moving books.	Dirt or other messiness.	Garden produce, groceries (see truck garden).	On a wooden mast, a circular disc (or sometimes a rectangle) of wood near or at the top of the mast, usually with holes or sheaves to reeve signal halyards; also a temporary or emergency place for a lookout. "Main" refers to the mainmast, whereas a truck on another mast may be called (on the mizzenmast, for example) "mizzen-truck".	Relevance, bearing.	Small, humble items; things, often for sale or barter.	Social intercourse; dealings, relationships.	The ball on top of a flagpole.	The part of a skateboard or roller skate that joins the wheels to the deck, consisting of a hanger, baseplate, kingpin, and bushings, and sometimes mounted with a riser in between.	The practice of paying workers in kind, or with tokens only exchangeable at a shop owned by the employer [forbidden in the 19th century by the Truck Acts].
truck	verb	To convey by truck.	To deceive; cheat; defraud.	To drive a truck.	To engage in commerce; to barter or deal.	To fail; run out; run short; be unavailable; diminish; abate.	To fight or otherwise physically engage with.	To give in; give way; knuckle under; truckle.	To have dealings or social relationships with; to engage with.	To move a camera parallel to the movement of the subject.	To persist, to endure.	To run over or through a tackler in American football.	To trade, exchange; barter.	To travel, to proceed.	To tread (down); stamp on; trample (down).
Saturday	noun	The seventh day of the week in many religious traditions, and the sixth day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 norm; the Jewish Sabbath; it follows Friday and precedes Sunday.
Saturday	adv	On Saturday.
Saturday	verb	To spend Saturday (at a place or doing an activity).
grandmother	noun	A female ancestor or progenitor.	A mother of someone's parent.
evil	adj	Having harmful qualities; not good; worthless or deleterious.	Intending to harm; malevolent.	Morally corrupt.	Producing or threatening sorrow, distress, injury, or calamity; unpropitious; calamitous.	Undesirable; harmful; bad practice.	Unpleasant, foul (of odor, taste, mood, weather, etc.).
evil	noun	A malady or disease; especially in combination, as in king's evil, colt evil.	Moral badness; wickedness; malevolence; the forces or behaviors that are the opposite or enemy of good.	Something which impairs the happiness of a being or deprives a being of any good; something which causes suffering of any kind to sentient beings; harm; injury; mischief.
evil	adv	badly, poorly; in an insufficient way.	injuriously, harmfully; in a damaging way.	wickedly, evilly, iniquitously
perhaps	adv	By chance.	Possibly.
perhaps	noun	An uncertainty.
injure	verb	To damage or impair.	To do injustice to.	To wound or cause physical harm to a living creature.
prevent	verb	To be beforehand with; to anticipate.	To come before; to precede.	To outdo, surpass.	To stop (an outcome); to keep from (doing something).	To take preventative measures.
whenever	conj	At any time that.	At the (single) time that, no matter when.	Every time that.	Regardless of the time that.	When.
whenever	adv	At any time.	When ever: emphatic form of when.
round	adj	Circular or cylindrical; having a circular cross-section in one direction.	Complete, whole, not lacking.	Consistent; fair; just; applied to conduct.	Convenient for rounding other numbers to; for example, ending in a zero.	Finished; polished; not defective or abrupt; said of authors or their writing style.	Lacking sharp angles; having gentle curves.	Large in magnitude.	Loosely or approximately circular.	Of shape:	Outspoken; plain and direct; unreserved; not mincing words.	Plump.	Pronounced with the lips drawn together; rounded.	Returning to its starting point.	Spherical; shaped like a ball; having a circular cross-section in more than one direction.	Vaulted.	Well-written and well-characterized; complex and reminiscent of a real person.
round	noun	A brewer's vessel in which the fermentation is concluded, the yeast escaping through the bunghole.	A circular dance.	A circular or repetitious route.	A circular or spherical object or part of an object.	A course of action or conduct performed by a number of persons in turn, or one after another, as if seated in a circle.	A crosspiece that joins and braces the legs of a chair.	A firearm cartridge, bullet, or any individual ammunition projectile. Originally referring to the spherical projectile ball of a smoothbore firearm. Compare round shot and solid shot.	A general discharge of firearms by a body of troops in which each soldier fires once.	A general outburst from a group of people at an event.	A long-bristled, circular-headed paintbrush used in oil and acrylic painting.	A round-top.	A rounded relief or cut at an edge, especially an outside edge, added for a finished appearance and to soften sharp edges.	A rung, as of a ladder.	A series of changes or events ending where it began; a series of like events recurring in continuance; a cycle; a periodical revolution.	A series of duties or tasks which must be performed in turn, and then repeated.	A serving of something; a portion of something to each person in a group.	A single individual portion or dose of medicine.	A song that is sung by groups of people with each subset of people starting at a different time.	A stage in a competition.	A stage or level of a game.	A stage, level, set of events in a game	A strip of material with a circular face that covers an edge, gap, or crevice for decorative, sanitary, or security purposes.	A vessel filled, as for drinking.	A whisper; whispering.	An assembly; a group; a circle.	Discourse; song.	In some sports, e.g. golf or showjumping: one complete way around the course.	One of the specified pre-determined segments of the total time of a sport event, such as a boxing or wrestling match, during which contestants compete before being signaled to stop.	One sandwich (two full slices of bread with filling).	One slice of bread.	Rotation, as in office; succession.	The hindquarters of a bovine; a round of beef.	The play after each deal.
round	prep	Alternative form of around.
round	adv	Alternative form of around.
round	verb	To address or speak to in a whisper, utter in a whisper.	To advance to home plate.	To approximate (a number, especially a decimal number) by the closest whole number, or some other close number, especially a whole number of hundreds, thousands, etc.; see also round down, round up.	To become shaped into a curve.	To do ward rounds.	To encircle; to encompass.	To finish; to complete; to fill out; see also round out.	To go or turn round; to wheel about.	To go round, as a guard; to make the rounds.	To go round, pass, go past.	To grow round or full; hence, to attain to fullness, completeness, or perfection.	To shape something into a curve.	To speak in a low tone; whisper; speak secretly; take counsel.	To turn and attack someone or something (used with on).	To turn past a boundary.
illness	noun	A state of bad health or disease.	An instance of a disease or poor health.
king	noun	A checker (a piece of checkers/draughts) that reached the farthest row forward, thus becoming crowned (either by turning it upside-down, or by stacking another checker on it) and gaining more freedom of movement.	A component of certain games.	A king skin.	A king-sized bed.	A male dragonfly; a drake.	A male monarch; a man who heads a monarchy; in an absolute monarchy, the supreme ruler of his nation.	A playing card with the letter "K" and the image of a king on it, the thirteenth card in a given suit.	A powerful or majorly influential person; someone who holds the preeminent position.	A vertex in a directed graph which can reach every other vertex via a path with a length of at most 2.	Alternative form of qing (“Chinese musical instrument”).	Something that has a preeminent position.	The central pin or skittle in bowling games.	The monarch with the most power and authority in a monarchy, regardless of sex.	The principal chess piece, that players seek to threaten with unavoidable capture to result in a victory by checkmate. It is often the tallest piece, with a symbolic crown with a cross at the top.
king	verb	To assume or pretend preeminence (over); to lord it over.	To crown king, to make (a person) king.	To dress and perform as a drag king.	To perform the duties of a king.	To promote a piece of draughts/checkers that has traversed the board to the opposite side, that piece subsequently being permitted to move backwards as well as forwards.	To rule over as king.
twenty	num	The cardinal number 20, occurring after nineteen and before twenty-one.
twenty	noun	10-20 (location).	A banknote with a denomination of 20.	An old English division of infantry.	The numbers twenty (20) to twenty-nine (29).
request	verb	To ask (somebody) to do something.	To ask for (something).
request	noun	A formal message requesting something.	A message sent over a network to a server.	Act of requesting (with the adposition at in the presence of possessives, and on in their absence).	Condition of being sought after.	That which is asked for or requested.
gas	noun	A chemical element or compound in such a state.	A fastball.	A flammable gaseous hydrocarbon or hydrocarbon mixture used as a fuel, e.g. for cooking, heating, electricity generation or as a fuel in internal combustion engines in vehicles, especially natural gas.	A hob on a gas cooker.	A humorous or entertaining event, person, or thing.	An internal virtual currency used in Ethereum to pay for certain operations, such as blockchain transactions.	Arterial or venous blood gas.	Ellipsis of gas pedal; accelerator, throttle.	Frothy or boastful talk; chatter.	Gasoline, a light derivative of petroleum used as fuel.	Marijuana, typically of high quality.	Matter in an intermediate state between liquid and plasma that can be contained only if it is fully surrounded by a solid (or in a bubble of liquid, or held together by gravitational pull); it can condense into a liquid, or can (rarely) become a solid directly by deposition.	Methane or other waste gases trapped in one's belly as a result of the digestive process; flatus.	Poison gas.	The supply of natural gas, as a utility.
gas	verb	To attack or kill with poison gas.	To emit gas.	To fill (a vehicle's fuel tank) with fuel.	To impose upon by talking boastfully.	To impregnate with gas.	To increase the fuel flow to a vehicle's engine in order to accelerate it.	To singe, as in a gas flame, so as to remove loose fibers.	To talk in a boastful or vapid way; to chatter.	To use poison gas in (a volume or area) to attack or kill someone or something.
gas	adj	Comical, zany; fun, amusing.	Of high quality.
stone	noun	A 42-pound, precisely shaped piece of granite with a handle attached, which is bowled down the ice.	A dull light grey or beige, like that of some stones.	A gemstone, a jewel, especially a diamond.	A hard earthen substance that can form rocks; especially, such substance when regarded as a building material.	A hard, stone-like deposit.	A mirror, or its glass.	A monument to the dead; a gravestone or tombstone.	A piece of such material: a rock or a pebble.	A playing piece made of any hard material, used in various board games such as backgammon and go.	A stand or table with a smooth, flat top of stone, commonly marble, on which to arrange the pages of a book, newspaper, etc. before printing.	A testicle.	A unit of weight equal to 14 pounds (≈6.3503 kilograms), formerly used for various commodities (wool, cheese, etc.), but now principally used for personal weight. Abbreviated as st.	The central part of some fruits, particularly drupes; consisting of the seed and a hard endocarp layer.
stone	adj	Constructed of stone.	Having the appearance of stone.	Of a dull light grey or beige, like that of some stones.	Used as an intensifier.	Willing to give sexual pleasure but not to receive it.
stone	adv	Absolutely, completely (used with following adjectives).	As a stone (used with following adjective).
stone	verb	Especially of cannabis or narcotics: To intoxicate. (Usually in passive)	To do nothing, to stare blankly into space and not pay attention when relaxing or when bored.	To form a stone during growth, with reference to fruit etc.	To lap with an abrasive stone to remove surface irregularities.	To pelt with stones; especially, to kill by pelting with stones.	To remove a stone from (fruit etc.).	To wall or wall up with stones.
accuse	verb	To charge with having committed a crime or offence.	To find fault with, blame, censure.	To make an accusation against someone.
accuse	noun	Accusation.
repair	verb	To make amends for, as for an injury, by an equivalent; to indemnify for.	To pair again.	To restore to good working order, fix, or improve damaged condition; to mend; to remedy.	To transfer oneself to another place.
repair	noun	A place to which one goes frequently or habitually; a haunt.	The act of repairing or resorting to a place.	The act of repairing something.	The condition of something, in respect of need for repair.	The result of repairing something.
bar	noun	A broad shaft, band, or stripe.	A business selling alcoholic drinks for consumption on the premises, or the premises themselves; a public house.	A city gate, in some British place names.	A complimentary reference to a rapper's lyrics, especially when good.	A counter, or simply a cabinet, from which alcoholic drinks are served in a private house or a hotel room.	A cuboid piece of any solid commodity.	A dividing line (physical or notional) in the chamber of a legislature beyond which only members and officials may pass.	A drilling or tamping rod.	A gatehouse of a castle or fortified town.	A horizontal pole that must be crossed in the high jump and pole vault.	A linear shoaling landform feature within a body of water; a formation extending across the mouth of a river or harbor or off a beach, and which may obstruct navigation. (FM 55-501).	A long, narrow drawn or printed rectangle, cuboid or cylinder, especially as used in a bar code or a bar chart.	A measure of drugs, typically one ounce.	A metasyntactic variable representing an unspecified entity, often the second in a series, following foo.	A non-SI unit of pressure equal to 100,000 pascals, slightly less than atmospheric pressure at sea level.	A ridge or succession of ridges of sand or other substance; especially	A ridge or succession of ridges of sand or other substance; especially:	A similar sign indicating that the charge on a particle is the negative of its usual value (and that consequently the particle is in fact an antiparticle).	A small, tablet-shaped dose of Xanax, typically containing two milligrams and able to be split into quarters.	A solid metal object with uniform (round, square, hexagonal, octagonal or rectangular) cross-section; in the US its smallest dimension is ¹⁄₄ inch or greater, a piece of thinner material being called a strip.	A solid, more or less rigid object of metal or wood with a uniform cross-section smaller than its length.	A vein or dike crossing a lode.	A vertical line across a musical staff dividing written music into sections, typically of equal durational value.	An addition to a military medal, on account of a subsequent act.	An establishment offering cosmetic services.	An informal establishment selling food to be consumed on the premises.	An official order or pronouncement that prohibits some activity.	Any level of achievement regarded as a challenge to be overcome; a standard or expectation.	Any of various lines used as punctuation or diacritics, such as the pipe ⟨|⟩, fraction bar (as in 12), and strikethrough (as in Ⱥ), formerly (obsolete) including oblique marks such as the slash.	Anything that obstructs, hinders, or prevents; an obstruction; a barrier.	Collectively, lawyers or the legal profession; specifically applied to barristers in some countries, but including all lawyers in others.	One of an array of bar-shaped symbols that display the level of something, such as wireless signal strength or battery life remaining.	One of the ordinaries in heraldry; a diminutive of a fess.	One of those musical sections.	Premises or a counter serving any type of beverage.	The bar exam, the legal licensing exam.	The central divider between the inner and outer table of a backgammon board, where stones are placed if they are hit.	The counter of such premises.	The crossbar.	The part of the crust of a horse's hoof which is bent inwards towards the frog at the heel on each side, and extends into the centre of the sole.	The railing surrounding the part of a courtroom in which the judges, lawyers, defendants and witnesses stay.	The sign indicating that the characteristic of a logarithm is negative, conventionally placed above the digit(s) to show that it applies to the characteristic only and not to the mantissa.	The space between the tusks and grinders in the upper jaw of a horse, in which the bit is placed.
bar	verb	To imprint or paint with bars, to stripe.	To lock or bolt with a bar.	To obstruct the passage of (someone or something).	To prohibit.
bar	prep	Denotes the minimum odds offered on other horses not mentioned by name.	Except, other than, besides.
dry	adj	Amusing without showing amusement.	Anhydrous: free from or lacking water in any state, regardless of the presence of other liquids.	Athirst, eager.	Built without or lacking mortar.	Describing an area where sales of alcoholic or strong alcoholic beverages are banned.	Exhibiting precise execution lacking delicate contours or soft transitions of color.	Free from applied audio effects (especially reverb).	Free from or lacking alcohol or alcoholic beverages.	Free from or lacking embellishment or sweetness	Free from or lacking embellishment or sweetness, particularly	Free from or lacking moisture.	Involving computations rather than work with biological or chemical matter.	Lacking interest, boring.	Low in sugar; lacking sugar; unsweetened.	Mixed with sauce and not served in a soup.	Not using afterburners or water injection for increased thrust.	Of a bite from an animal: not containing the usual venom.	Of a board or flop: Not permitting the creation of many or of strong hands.	Of a mass, service, or rite: involving neither consecration nor communion.	Unable to produce a liquid, as water, (petrochemistry) oil, or (agriculture) milk.	Without a usual complement or consummation; impotent.
dry	noun	A prohibitionist (of alcoholic beverages).	A radical or hard-line Conservative; especially, one who supported the policies of British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s.	An area of waterless country.	An area with little or no rain, or sheltered from it.	The dry season.	The process by which something is dried.	Unsweetened ginger ale; dry ginger.
dry	verb	For an actor to forget their lines while performing.	To exhaust; to cause to run dry.	To lose moisture.	To remove moisture from.
schedule	noun	A procedural plan, usually but not necessarily tabular in nature, indicating a sequence of operations and the planned times at which those operations are to occur.	A serial record of items, systematically arranged.	A slip of paper; a short note.	A written or printed table of information, often forming an annex or appendix to a statute or other regulatory instrument, or to a legal contract.	An allocation or ordering of a set of tasks on one or several resources.	One of the five divisions into which controlled substances are classified, or the restrictions denoted by such classification.	One of the nine schedules of the Standard for the Uniform Scheduling of Medicines and Poisons. Identical to the American usage above.
schedule	verb	To add (a name) to the list of those participating in an event; to reserve a place or time for.	To admit (a person) to hospital as an involuntary patient under a schedule of the applicable mental health law.	To classify as a controlled substance.	To create a time-schedule.	To plan (an activity or event) for a specific date or time.
advantage	noun	Any condition, circumstance, opportunity or means, particularly favorable or chance to success, or to any desired end.	Interest of money; increase; overplus (as the thirteenth in the baker's dozen).	Superiority of state, or that which gives it; benefit; gain; profit	Superiority; mastery; — used with of to specify its nature or with over to specify the other party.	The continuation of the game after a foul against the attacking team, because the attacking team are in an advantageous position.	The score where one player wins a point after deuce but needs the next to carry the game.
advantage	verb	to do something for one's own benefit; to take advantage of	to provide (someone) with an advantage, to give an edge to
translation	noun	A motion or compulsion to motion in a straight line without rotation or other deformation.	A relation between two mathematical figures such as a straight line where the coordinates of each point in one figure is a constant added to the coordinates of a corresponding point in the other figure.	A transfer of a bishop from one diocese to another.	A transfer of a disease from one body part to another.	A transfer of a holy relic from one shrine to another.	A transfer of motion occurring within a gearbox.	An ascension to Heaven without death.	The act of translating, in its various senses:	The automatic retransmission of a telegraph message.	The conversion of something from one form or medium to another.	The conversion of text from one language to another.	The conveyance of something from one place to another, especially:	The discipline or study of translating written language (as opposed to interpretation, which concerns itself with spoken language).	The process whereby a strand of mRNA directs assembly of amino acids into proteins within a ribosome.	The product or end result of an act of translating, in its various senses.
occur	verb	To be present or found.	To come or be presented to the mind; to suggest itself.	To happen or take place.	To present or offer itself.
nation	noun	A community united by some trait (especially an interest) but not historically constituted.	A great number; a great deal.	A historically constituted, stable community of people, formed based on a common language, territory, economic life, ethnicity and/or psychological make-up manifested in a common culture.	A sovereign state; (loosely, metonymic, proscribed) a country.	An association of students based on the birthplace or ethnicity of its members.	Damnation.	In North America, an Indigenous people and their federally recognized territory.
nation	adv	Extremely, very.
soup	noun	A liquid or gelatinous substrate, especially the mixture of organic compounds that is believed to have played a role in the origin of life on Earth.	A serving of such a dish, typically in a bowl.	Alternative form of sup (“a sip; a small amount of food or drink”).	An unfortunate situation; trouble, problems (a fix, a mess); chaos.	Any mixture or substance suggestive of soup consistency.	Any of various dishes commonly made by combining liquids, such as water or stock, with other ingredients, such as meat and vegetables, that contribute the food value, flavor, and texture.	Dope or cocaine.	Nitroglycerine or gelignite, especially when used for safe-cracking.	Processing chemicals into which film is dipped, such as developer.	The foamy portion of a wave.	The liquid part of such a dish; the broth.	Thick fog or cloud (also pea soup).
soup	verb	Alternative form of sup (“to sip; to take a small amount of food or drink into the mouth, especially with a spoon”).	Rare form of sup (“to take supper”).	To develop (film) in a (chemical) developing solution.	To feed: to provide with soup or a meal.	To proselytize by feeding the impoverished as long as they listen to one's preaching.	To sweep.
loss	noun	Defeat; an instance of being defeated.	Electricity of kinetic power expended without doing useful work.	Something that has been destroyed or ruined.	The condition of grief caused by losing someone or something, especially someone who has died.	The death of a person or animal.	The destruction or ruin of an object.	The result of no longer possessing an object, a function, or a characteristic due to external causes or misplacement.	The sum an entity loses on balance.
loss	verb	Alternative spelling of lost.
salary	noun	A fixed amount of money paid to a worker, usually calculated on a monthly or annual basis, not hourly, as wages. Implies a degree of professionalism and/or autonomy.
salary	verb	To pay on the basis of a period of a week or longer, especially to convert from another form of compensation.
salary	adj	Saline.
manager	noun	A person whose job is to manage something, such as a business, a restaurant, or a sports team.	A window or application whose purpose is to give the user the control over some aspect of the system.	An administrator, for a singer or group.	The head coach.
magazine	noun	A chamber in or attachable to a firearm enabling multiple rounds of ammunition to be fed into the firearm.	A city viewed as a marketing center.	A collection of Teletext pages.	A country or district especially rich in natural products.	A nonacademic, periodical publication which consists of articles by multiple writers on some broad topic or theme.	A radio or television show where each episode comprises a variety of features or segments, akin to the format of a print magazine.	A reservoir or supply chamber for a stove, battery, camera, typesetting machine, or other apparatus.	A store, or shop, where goods are kept for sale.	An ammunition storehouse.	The portion of a warship where munitions are stored.
chicken	noun	A confrontational game in which the participants move toward each other at high speed (usually in automobiles); the player who turns first to avoid colliding into the other is the "chicken" (that is, the loser).	A coward.	A domesticated subspecies of red junglefowl (Gallus gallus domesticus), especially so-called when young.	A kilogram of cocaine.	A simple dance in which the movements of a chicken are imitated.	A small pewter pot used in a tavern.	A young or inexperienced person.	A young, attractive, slim man, usually having little body hair; compare chickenhawk.	The game of dare.	The meat from this bird eaten as food.	The young of any bird; a chick.	plural of chick
chicken	adj	Cowardly.
chicken	verb	To avoid a situation one is afraid of.
gone	verb	past participle of go
gone	adj	Ago (used post-positionally).	Away, having left.	Broken, failed.	Dead.	Doomed, done for.	Excellent, wonderful; crazy.	Infatuated; in love (+ on, for, in).	No longer existing, having passed.	Not fully aware of one's surroundings, often through intoxication or mental decline.	Of an arrow: wide of the mark.	Used up.	Used with a duration to indicate for how long a process has been developing, an action has been performed or a state has persisted; especially, pregnant.	Weak; faint; feeling a sense of goneness.
gone	prep	Past, after, later than (a time).
gone	contraction	Alternative spelling of gon /gon': clipping of gonna or going to.
soccer	noun	Association football.
soccer	verb	To kick the football directly off the ground, without using one's hands.
graduate	noun	A graduated (marked) cup or other container, thus fit for measuring.	A person who is recognized as having completed any level of education.	A person who is recognized by a high school as having completed the requirements of a course of study at the school.	A person who is recognized by a university as having completed the requirements of a degree studied at the institution.
graduate	adj	graduated, arranged by degrees	holding an academic degree	relating to an academic degree
graduate	verb	Of an idol: to exit a group; or of a virtual YouTuber, to leave a management agency; usually accompanied with "graduation ceremony" send-offs, increased focus on the leaving member, and the like.	To approve (a feature) for general release.	To be certified as having earned a degree from; to graduate from (an institution).	To be recognized by a school or university as having completed the requirements of a degree studied at the institution.	To bring to a certain degree of consistency, by evaporation, as a fluid.	To certify (a student) as having earned a degree	To change gradually.	To mark (something) with degrees; to divide into regular steps or intervals, as the scale of a thermometer, a scheme of punishment or rewards, etc.	To prepare gradually; to arrange, temper, or modify by degrees or to a certain degree; to determine the degrees of.	To taper, as the tail of certain birds.
behavior	noun	A state of probation about one's conduct.	Human conduct relative to social norms.	Observable response produced by an organism.	The way a device or system operates.	The way a living creature behaves or acts generally.
seriously	adv	Gravely; deeply; very much.	In a serious or literal manner.	In an extreme or major way; majorly.	Used to attempt to introduce a serious point in a less serious conversation.	Used to call back to a previous point, in disbelief or for emphasis.
shoulder	noun	A cut of meat comprising the upper joint of the foreleg and the surrounding muscle.	A lateral protrusion of a hill or mountain.	A season or a time of day when there is relatively little air traffic.	A shelf between two levels.	A usually unsealed strip of land bordering a road, where vehicles can drive or park in an emergency.	An abrupt projection which forms an abutment on an object, or limits motion, etc., such as the projection around a tenon at the end of a piece of timber.	Anything forming a shape resembling a human shoulder.	That which supports or sustains; support.	The angle of a bastion included between the face and flank.	The angled section between the neck and the main body of a cartridge.	The flat portion of type that is below the bevelled portion that joins up with the face.	The joint between the arm and the torso, sometimes including the surrounding muscles, tendons, and ligaments.	The part of a key between the cuts and the bow.	The part of a wave that has not yet broken.	The part of an animal's body between the base of the neck and forearm socket.	The part of the human torso forming a relatively horizontal surface running away from the neck.	The portion between the neck and the body.	The portion of a garment where the shoulder is clothed.	The portion of a hill or mountain just below the peak.	The rounded portion of a bottle where the neck meets the body.	The rounded portion of a stringed instrument where the neck joins the body.
shoulder	verb	Of a servant: to embezzle money from (the employer).	To accept responsibility for.	To bear a burden, as a financial obligation.	To bully, manipulate or pull rank on (somebody).	To form a shape resembling a shoulder.	To move by or as if by using one's shoulders.	To place (something) against one's shoulders.	To push (a person or thing) using one's shoulder.	To put (something) on one's shoulders.	To round and slightly raise the top edges of slate shingles so that they form a tighter fit at the lower edge and can be swung aside to expose the nail.	To slope downwards from the crest and whitewater portion of a wave.
email	noun	A message being sent through email.	A system for sending messages and datas by means of computers connected together in a network.	An email address.	Enamel (“an opaque, glossy coating”).	The quantity of messages sent through an email system.
email	verb	To send (data) through email.	To send an email or emails to.	To send, or compose and then send, one or more emails.
desire	verb	To express a wish for; to entreat; to request.	To miss; to regret.	To put a request to (someone); to entreat.	To require; to demand; to claim.	To want emotionally or sexually.	To want; to wish for earnestly.
desire	noun	Motivation.	Someone or something wished for.	Strong attraction, particularly romantic or sexual.	The feeling of desiring; an eager longing for something.
forest	noun	A defined area of land set aside in England as royal hunting ground or for other privileged use; all such areas.	A dense uncultivated tract of trees and undergrowth, larger than woods.	A graph with no cycles; i.e., a graph made up of trees.	A group of domains that are managed as a unit.	Any dense collection or amount.	The color forest green.
forest	verb	To cover an area with trees.
discover	verb	To create by moving a piece out of another piece's line of attack.	To expose, uncover.	To find or learn something for the first time.	To manifest without design; to show; to exhibit.	To question (a person) as part of discovery in a lawsuit.	To reconnoitre, explore (an area).	To remove the cover from; to uncover (a head, building etc.).	To reveal (information); to divulge, make known.
whose	det	Of which, belonging to which.	Of whom, belonging to whom.	Of whom, belonging to whom; which person's or people's.
whose	pron	That or those of whom or belonging to whom.
whose	contraction	Misspelling of who's.
clearly	adv	In a clear manner.	To a degree clearly discernible.	Without a doubt; obviously.
absolutely	adv	As an intensive: extremely, very, indeed.	In an absolute or unconditional manner; utterly, positively, wholly.	Independently; viewed without relation to other things or factors.
absolutely	intj	Yes, certainly; expression indicating strong agreement.
size	noun	A fixed standard for the magnitude, quality, quantity etc. of goods, especially food and drink.	A regulation determining the amount of money paid in fees, taxes etc.	A regulation, piece of ordinance.	A specific set of dimensions for a manufactured article, especially clothing.	A thin, weak glue used as primer for paper or canvas intended to be painted upon.	Alternative form of sice (“number six in dice games”).	An assize.	An instrument consisting of a number of perforated gauges fastened together at one end by a rivet, used for measuring the size of pearls	Any viscous substance, such as gilder's varnish.	Degree of rank, ability, character, etc.	Ellipsis of chili size (“hamburger served with chili con carne”).	The dimensions or magnitude of a thing; how big something is.	The number of edges in a graph.	The thickened crust on coagulated blood.	Wallpaper paste.
size	verb	To adjust the size of; to make a certain size.	To apply glue or other primer to a surface which is to be painted.	To approximate the dimensions, estimate the size of.	To classify or arrange by size.	To order food or drink from the buttery; hence, to enter a score, as upon the buttery book.	To sift (pieces of ore or metal) in order to separate the finer from the coarser parts.	To swell; to increase the bulk of.	To take a greater size; to increase in size.	To take the height of men, in order to place them in the ranks according to their stature.
huge	adj	Very interesting, significant, or popular.	Very large.	Very strong, powerful, or dedicated.
wet	adj	Employing, or done by means of, water or some other liquid.	Ineffectual, feeble, showing no strength of character.	Involving assassination or "wet work".	Made up of liquid or moisture, usually (but not always) water.	Of a Quaker: liberal with respect to religious observance.	Of a board or flop: enabling the creation of many or of strong hands; e.g. containing connectors or suited cards. (Compare dry).	Of a burrito, sandwich, or other food: covered in a sauce.	Of a person: inexperienced in a profession or task; having the characteristics of a rookie.	Of a scientist or laboratory: working with biological or chemical matter.	Of a sound recording: having had audio effects applied.	Of an object, etc.: covered or impregnated with liquid, usually (but not always) water.	Of calligraphy and fountain pens: depositing a large amount of ink from the nib or the feed.	Of weather or a time period: rainy.	Permitting alcoholic beverages.	Refreshed with liquor; drunk.	Sexually aroused and thus having the vulva moistened with vaginal secretions.	Using afterburners or water injection for increased engine thrust.	With a usual complement or consummation; potent.
wet	noun	A moderate Conservative; especially, one who opposed the hard-line policies of British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s.	A tyre for use in wet weather.	A weak or sentimental person; a wimp or softie.	Alternative form of wat (“stew or curry eaten in Ethiopia and Eritrea”).	An alcoholic drink.	Liquid or moisture.	One who supports the consumption of alcohol and thus opposes Prohibition.	Rainy season. (often capitalized)	Rainy weather.
wet	verb	Misspelling of whet.	To celebrate by drinking alcohol.	To cover or impregnate with liquid.	To form an intermetallic bond between a solder and a metal substrate.	To kill or seriously injure.	To make (oneself, clothing, a bed, etc.) wet by accidental urination.	To make or become wet.
stranger	adj	comparative form of strange: more strange
stranger	noun	A newcomer.	A person whom one does not know; a person who is neither a friend nor an acquaintance.	A superstitious premonition of the coming of a visitor by a bit of stalk in a cup of tea, the guttering of a candle, etc.	An outsider or foreigner.	One not admitted to communion or fellowship.	One not belonging to the family or household; a guest; a visitor.	One not privy or party to an act, contract, or title; a mere intruder or intermeddler; one who interferes without right.	Used ironically to refer to a person who the speaker knows.
stranger	verb	To estrange; to alienate.
orange	noun	An evergreen tree of the genus Citrus such as Citrus sinensis which yields oranges (the fruit).	An orange-coloured and orange-flavoured cordial.	An orange-coloured and orange-flavoured soft drink.	An orange-coloured roundel.	Any round citrus fruit with a yellow-red colour when ripe and a sour-sweet taste; the fruit of the orange tree.	Orange juice.	Specifically, a sweet orange or Citrus sinensis.	The colour of a ripe fruit of an orange tree, midway between red and yellow.	Various drinks	Various drinks:
orange	adj	Having the colour of the fruit of an orange tree; yellowred; reddish-yellow.
orange	verb	To become orange.	To color orange.
arent	adj	Drying out, parching, withering.
arent	verb	Misspelling of aren't.
nose	noun	A downward projection from a cornice.	A perfumer.	A protuberance on the face housing the nostrils, which are used to breathe or smell.	A skill at finding information.	A snout, the nose of an animal.	An informer.	Bouquet, the smell of something, especially wine.	The bulge on the side of a piece of a jigsaw puzzle, that fits into the hole of its adjacent piece.	The length of a horse’s nose, used to indicate the distance between horses at the finish of a race, or any very close race.	The sense of smell.	The skill in recognising bouquet.	The tip of an object.
nose	verb	To confront; be closely face to face or opposite to.	To defeat (as in a race or other contest) by a narrow margin; sometimes with out.	To detect by smell or as if by smell.	To dive down in a steep angle; to nosedive	To furnish with a nose.	To move cautiously by advancing its front end.	To push with one's nose; to nuzzle.	To snoop.	To travel with the nose of the plane/ship aimed in a particular direction.	To utter in a nasal manner; to pronounce with a nasal twang.
policeman	noun	A glass rod capped at one end with rubber, used in a chemistry laboratory for gravimetric analysis.	A police officer, usually a male.	Any skipper of the genus Coeliades.	Synonym of enforcer.
—	article	Abbreviation of the.
—	character	The letter sequence ⟨th⟩.	The sound sequences /(V)nd/, /(V)nt/	The suffixes or sequences mand, mend, mond, and -ment.
suspect	verb	To believe (someone) to be guilty.	To distrust or have doubts about (something or someone).	To have suspicion.	To imagine or suppose (something) to be true, or to exist, without proof.	To look up to; to respect.
suspect	noun	A person who is suspected of something, in particular of committing a crime.
suspect	adj	Viewed with suspicion; suspected.	Viewing with suspicion; suspecting.
personal	adj	Dealing with subjects about which one wishes (or people usually wish) to maintain privacy or discretion; not for public view; sensitive, intimate.	Denoting ownership.	Done in person; without an intermediary.	Intended for sexual use.	Of a noun or pronoun, having reference particular to humans and other entities having personality such as a named animal, a deity, a personification, etc.	Of or pertaining to a particular person; relating to, or affecting, an individual, or each of many individuals	Pertaining to persons (human beings as opposed to things or animals).	Pertaining to the external or bodily appearance; corporeal; bodily.	Related to grammatical first, second, etc. persons.	Relating to an individual, their character, conduct, motives, or private affairs, in an invidious and offensive manner
personal	noun	An advertisement by which an individual attempts to meet others with similar interests.	One's own property or asset
earthquake	noun	A shaking of the ground, caused by volcanic activity or movement around geologic faults.	A sudden and intense upheaval; a severely disruptive event.	Such a quake specifically occurring on the planet Earth, as opposed to other celestial bodies.
earthquake	verb	To undergo an earthquake.
wallet	noun	A bag or pouch.	A person's bank account or assets.	A person's buttocks (the area of the body nearest where one keeps one's wallet).	A small case, often flat and often made of leather, for keeping money (especially paper money), credit cards, etc.	A thick case or folder with plastic sleeves in which compact discs may be stored.	An e-wallet or digital wallet.
Bill	name	A diminutive of the male given name William.	A nickname for the British constabulary. Often called "The Bill" or "Old Bill"	A surname.
bright	adj	Clearly apparent; conspicuous.	Emitting much light; visually dazzling; luminous, lucent, radiant.	Glorious; illustrious.	Having a clear, quick intellect; intelligent.	In good spirits; happy, optimistic.	Manifest to the mind as light is to the eyes; clear, evident, plain.	Of a colour: not muted or pale; bold, brilliant, vivid.	Of a metal object or surface: lacking any protective coating or surface treatment for the prevention of corrosion.	Of a musical instrument, sound, or a voice: clearly audible; clear, resounding, and often high-pitched.	Of a note: slightly sharp.	Of a period of history or time: happy, prosperous, successful.	Of a person: lively, vivacious.	Of a place: not dark; well-lit.	Of a rhythm or tempo: lively, upbeat.	Of a room or other place: having acoustic qualities that tend to cause much echoing or reverberation of sound, particularly at high frequencies.	Of a scent or taste: having an agreeable balance of sweet and sour, often with associations of coolness, freshness, and sometimes aromaticity.	Of a scent or taste: not bland or mild; bold, sharp, strong.	Of a substance: clear, transparent; also, pure, unadulterated; (specifically) of wine: free of suspended particles; not cloudy; fine.	Of an object, surface, etc.: having vivid colour(s); colourful.	Of an object, surface, etc.: reflecting much light; having a high lustre; gleaming, shiny.	Of an opportunity or outlook: having a reasonable chance of success; favourable, good.	Of climate or weather: not cloudy or gloomy; fair; also, of a period of time, the sky, etc.: characterized by much sunshine and good weather.	Of conversation, writing, etc.: imaginative or sparkling with wit; clever, witty.	Of light: brilliant, intense.	Of the eyes: able to see clearly; of eyesight: keen, sharp.	Of the face or eyes, or a smile: showing happiness or hopefulness; cheerful, lively.
bright	noun	A person with a naturalistic worldview with no mystical or supernatural elements.	An artist's brush used in acrylic and oil painting with a long ferrule and a flat, somewhat tapering bristle head.	Brightness, glow.	Glory, splendour.	Something (especially a product intended for sale) that has vivid colours or a lustrous appearance.
bright	adv	In a bright manner; brightly, glowingly, luminously, lustrously.	Referring to colour: with bold or vivid colours; brightly, boldly, vividly.	Referring to sight, sound, understanding, etc.: clearly, distinctly; brightly.
bright	verb	Often followed by up: to become bright (in various senses); to brighten.	Often followed by up: to cast light on (someone or something); to brighten, to illuminate.	Often followed by up: to cause (someone or something) to be bright (in various senses); to brighten; specifically, to make (someone or something) energetic, or happy and optimistic.
appointment	noun	An arrangement between people to meet; an engagement.	An honorary part or exercise, as an oration, etc., at a public exhibition of a college.	Decree; direction; established order or constitution.	Equipment, furniture.	Stipulation; agreement; the act of fixing by mutual agreement.	The act of appointing a person to hold an office or to have a position of trust	The allowance paid to a public officer.	The assignment of a person by an official to perform a duty, such as a presidential appointment of a judge to a court.	The exercise of the power of designating (under a power of appointment) a person to enjoy an estate or other specific property; also, the instrument by which the designation is made.	The state of being appointed to a service or office; an office to which one is appointed
sale	noun	A hall.	An exchange of goods or services for currency or credit.	The act of putting up for auction to the highest bidder.	The sale of goods at reduced prices.
sandwich	noun	A dish or foodstuff where at least one piece, but typically two or more pieces, of bread serves as the wrapper or container of some other food.	A layer cake or sandwich cake.	A sandwichman (one who wears a sandwich board).	Any combination formed by layering one type of material between two layers of some other material.
sandwich	verb	To double penetrate.	To eat sandwiches.	To feed sandwiches to.	To place (an item) physically between two other, usually flat, items.	To put or set between two other events in time.
sandwich	adj	Of a meal or serving size that is smaller than a dinner.
pair	noun	A boat for two sweep rowers.	A couple of working animals attached to work together, as by a yoke.	A double play, two outs recorded in one play.	A doubleheader, two games played on the same day between the same teams	A number of things resembling one another, or belonging together; a set.	A pair of breasts	A pair of testicles	A poker hand that contains two cards of identical rank, which cannot also count as a better hand.	A score of zero runs (a duck) in both innings of a two-innings match.	In a mechanism, two elements, or bodies, which are so applied to each other as to mutually constrain relative motion; named in accordance with the motion it permits, as in turning pair, sliding pair, twisting pair.	One of the constituent items that make up a pair.	The exclusion of one member of a parliamentary party from a vote, if a member of the other party is absent for important personal reasons.	Two members of opposite parties or opinion, as in a parliamentary body, who mutually agree not to vote on a given question, or on issues of a party nature during a specified time.	Two people in a relationship, partnership or friendship.	Two similar or identical things taken together; often followed by of.	Used with binary nouns (often in the plural to indicate multiple instances, since such nouns are plural only, except in some technical contexts)
pair	verb	To become worse, to deteriorate.	To bring two (animals, notably dogs) together for mating.	To come together for mating.	To engage (oneself) with another of opposite opinions not to vote on a particular question or class of questions.	To group into one or more sets of two.	To impair, to make worse.	To suit; to fit, as a counterpart.	to link two electronic devices wirelessly together, especially through a protocol such as Bluetooth.
shopping	verb	present participle and gerund of shop
shopping	noun	An area's combination of stores and other infrastructure and products available for people who want to shop.	Placement in a workshop for overhaul.	Recently bought goods.	The process of buying goods or services, or searching for those suitable to buy.
culture	noun	A group of bacteria.	Any knowledge passed from one generation to the next, not necessarily with respect to human beings.	Cultivation.	Ellipsis of archaeological culture (“recurring assemblage of artifacts from a specific time and place that may constitute the material culture remains of a particular past human society”).	Ethnicity, race (and its associated arts, customs, etc.)	The arts, customs, lifestyles, background, and habits that characterize humankind, or a particular society or nation.	The beliefs, values, behaviour, and material objects that constitute a people's way of life.	The conventional conducts and ideologies of a community; the system comprising the accepted norms and values of a society.	The details on a map that do not represent natural features of the area delineated, such as names and the symbols for towns, roads, meridians, and parallels.	The growth thus produced.	The process of growing a bacterial or other biological entity in an artificial medium.
culture	verb	to increase the artistic or scientific interest (in something) (compare cultivate)	to maintain in an environment suitable for growth (especially of bacteria) (compare cultivate)
responsible	adj	Able to be trusted; reliable; trustworthy.	Answerable to (a superior).	Being a primary cause of a situation or action and thus able to be blamed or credited for it.	Capable of rational conduct and thus morally accountable for one's behavior.	Having good judgment in decision-making.	Having the duty of taking care of something; answerable for an act performed or for its consequences; accountable; amenable, especially legally or politically.	Involving important duties; involving a degree of personal accountability on the part of the person concerned.
responsible	noun	An actor taking on the lesser roles in repertory theatre.	The individual who bears the responsibility for something.
object	noun	A cause for attention or concern.	A person or thing toward which an emotion is directed.	A thing that has physical existence but is not alive.	An instance of one of the two kinds of entities that form a category, the other kind being the arrows (also called morphisms).	An instantiation of a class or structure.	Objective; goal, end or purpose of something.	Sight; show; appearance; aspect.	The noun phrase which is an internal complement of a verb phrase or a prepositional phrase. In a verb phrase with a transitive action verb, it is typically the receiver of the action.
object	verb	To disagree with or oppose something or someone; (especially in a Court of Law) to raise an objection.	To offer in opposition as a criminal charge or by way of accusation or reproach; to adduce as an objection or adverse reason.	To set before or against; to bring into opposition; to oppose.
goal	noun	A noun or noun phrase that receives the action of a verb. The subject of a passive verb or the direct object of an active verb. Also called a patient, target, or undergoer.	A point scored in a game as a result of placing the object into the goal.	A result that one is attempting to achieve.	In many sports, an area into which the players attempt to put an object.	The act of placing the object into the goal.
goal	verb	To score a goal.
absent	adj	Being away from a place; withdrawn from a place; existing but not present; (sometimes) missing.	Inattentive to what is passing; absent-minded; preoccupied.	Not existing.
absent	noun	An absentee; a person who is not there.	Something absent, especially absent people collectively; those who were or are not there.
absent	prep	In the absence of; without; except.
absent	verb	Leave.	Stay away; withdraw.	To keep (oneself) away.	To keep (someone) away.	To omit.
aware	adj	Conscious or having knowledge of something; awake.	Vigilant or on one's guard against danger or difficulty.
aware	verb	To make (someone) aware of something.
society	noun	A group of people who meet from time to time to engage in a common interest; an association or organization.	A long-standing group of people sharing cultural aspects such as language, dress, norms of behavior and artistic forms.	A number of people joined by mutual consent to deliberate, determine and act toward a common goal.	High society.	The people of one’s country or community taken as a whole.	The sum total of all voluntary interrelations between individuals.
capital	noun	A city designated as a legislative seat by the government or some other authority, often the city in which the government is located; otherwise the most important city within a country or a subdivision of it.	Already-produced durable goods available for use as a factor of production, such as steam shovels (equipment) and office buildings (structures).	An uppercase letter.	Knowledge; awareness; proficiency.	Money and wealth. The means to acquire goods and services, especially in a non-barter system.	The capitalist class; investors considered collectively with respect to their societal (economic, political, cultural, etc.) influence.	The chief or most important thing.	The most important city in the field specified.	The uppermost part of a column.
capital	adj	Chief (in a political sense, as being the seat of the general government of a state or nation).	Excellent.	Of or relating to the head.	Of prime importance.	Punishable by, or involving punishment by, death.	Uppercase.	used to emphasise greatness or absoluteness
capital	intj	used as an expression of approval, satisfaction, or delight.
loan	noun	A sum of money or other property that a natural or legal person borrows from another with the condition that it be returned or repaid over time or at a later date (sometimes with interest).	An act or instance of lending, an act or instance of granting something for temporary use.	An area of uncultivated ground near a village or farmhouse.	The contract and array of legal or ethical obligations surrounding a loan.	The permission to borrow any item.
loan	verb	To lend (something) to (someone).
advance	verb	To help the progress of (something); to further.	To increase (a number or amount).	To make (something) happen at an earlier time or date; to bring forward, to hasten.	To make a higher bid at an auction.	To make progress; to do well, to succeed.	To move forward in space or time.	To move forward in time; to progress towards completion.	To move forwards; to approach.	To move or push (something) forwards, especially forcefully.	To promote or advantage.	To provide (money or other value) before it is due, or in expectation of some work; to lend.	To put forward (an idea, argument etc.); to propose.	To raise (someone) in rank or office; to prefer, to promote.	To raise or increase (a price, rate).	To raise, be raised.	To raise; to lift or elevate.
advance	noun	A forward move; improvement or progression.	An addition to the price; rise in price or value.	An amount of money or credit, especially given as a loan, or paid before it is due; an advancement.	An opening approach or overture, now especially of an unwelcome or sexual nature.
advance	adj	Completed before necessary or a milestone event.	Forward.	Preceding.
salt	noun	A bounding; a leaping; a prance.	A common substance, chemically consisting mainly of sodium chloride (NaCl), used extensively as a condiment and preservative.	A dish for salt at table; a salt cellar.	A person who seeks employment at a company in order to (once employed by it) help unionize it.	A sailor (also old salt).	A salt marsh, a saline marsh at the shore of a sea.	A sequence of random data added to plain text data (such as passwords or messages) prior to encryption or hashing, in order to make brute force decryption more difficult.	Epsom salts or other salt used as a medicine.	Flavour; taste; seasoning.	One of the compounds formed from the reaction of an acid with a base, where a positive ion replaces a hydrogen of the acid.	Piquancy; wit; sense.	Skepticism and common sense.	Tears; indignation; outrage; arguing.	The money demanded by Eton schoolboys during the montem.
salt	adj	Bitter; sharp; pungent.	Costly; expensive.	Of land, fields etc.: flooded by the sea.	Of plants: growing in the sea or on land flooded by the sea.	Of water: containing salt, saline.	Related to salt deposits, excavation, processing or use.	Salacious; lecherous; lustful; (of animals) in heat.	Treated with salt as a preservative; cured with salt, salted.
salt	verb	To add bogus evidence to an archaeological site.	To add certain chemical elements to (a nuclear or conventional weapon) so that it generates more radiation.	To add filler bytes before encrypting, in order to make brute-force decryption more resource-intensive.	To add salt to.	To blast metal into (as a portion of a mine) in order to cause to appear to be a productive seam.	To deposit salt as a saline solution.	To fill with salt between the timbers and planks for the preservation of the timber.	To insert or inject something into an object to give it properties it would not naturally have.	To lock a page title so it cannot be created.	To render a thing useless.	To sow with salt (of land), symbolizing a curse on its re-inhabitation.	To sprinkle throughout.
hill	noun	A heap of earth surrounding a plant.	A single cluster or group of plants growing close together, and having the earth heaped up about them.	A sloping road.	An elevated landmass smaller than a mountain.	The pitcher’s mound.	The raised portion of the surface of a vinyl record.
hill	verb	To form into a heap or mound.	To heap or draw earth around plants.
thief	noun	A waster in the snuff of a candle.	One who carries out a theft.	One who steals another person's property, especially by stealth and without using force or violence.
bike	noun	A crowd of people.	A hive of bees, or a nest of wasps, hornets, or ants.	Any vehicle sharing some characteristics with a bicycle or motorbike, such as pedal power, a handlebar, or a saddle.	Clipping of bicycle.	Clipping of motorbike.	Ellipsis of village bike.
bike	verb	To ride a bike.	To transport by bicycle.	To travel by bike.
tongue	noun	A division of formation; A layer or member of a formation that pinches out in one direction.	A language.	A long, narrow strip of land, projecting from the mainland into a sea or lake.	A manner of speaking, often habitually.	A person speaking in a specified manner.	A projection, or slender appendage or fixture.	A reed.	A short piece of rope spliced into the upper part of standing backstays, etc.; also, the upper main piece of a mast composed of several pieces.	A small sole (type of fish).	A voice, (the distinctive sound of a person's speech); accent (distinctive manner of pronouncing a language).	An individual point of flame from a fire.	Any large or long physical protrusion on an automotive or machine part or any other part that fits into a long groove on another part.	Any similar organ, such as the lingual ribbon, or odontophore, of a mollusk; the proboscis of a moth or butterfly; or the lingua of an insect.	Discourse; fluency of speech or expression.	Discourse; the fluency of speech or expression.	Glossolalia.	Honorable discourse; eulogy.	In a shoe, the flap of material that goes between the laces and the foot (so called because it resembles a tongue in the mouth).	Such an organ, as taken from animals and used for food (especially from cows).	The clapper of a bell.	The flexible muscular organ in the mouth that is used to move food around, for tasting and that is moved into various positions to modify the flow of air from the lungs in order to produce different sounds in speech.	The pole of a towed or drawn vehicle or farm implement (e.g., trailer, cart, plow, harrow), by which it is pulled; for example, the pole of an ox cart, to the end of which the oxen are yoked.	The power of articulate utterance; speech generally.	The speakers of a language, collectively.
tongue	verb	On a wind instrument, to articulate a note by starting the air with a tap of the tongue, as though by speaking a 'd' or 't' sound (alveolar plosive).	To chide; to scold.	To join by means of a tongue and groove.	To manipulate with the tongue, as in kissing or oral sex; to perform cunnilingus or anilingus on.	To protrude in relatively long, narrow sections.	To speak; to utter.	To talk; to prate.
explanation	noun	A resolution of disputed points pursuant to discussion; a mutual clarification of disputed points; reconciliation.	Something that explains or makes understandable.	The act or process of explaining.
claim	noun	A demand of ownership for previously unowned land.	A demand of ownership made for something.	A legal demand for compensation or damages.	A new statement of something one believes to be the truth, usually when the statement has yet to be verified or without valid evidence provided.	The right or ground of demanding.	The thing claimed.
claim	verb	To be entitled to anything; to deduce a right or title; to have a claim.	To call or name.	To cause the loss of.	To demand compensation or damages through the courts.	To demand ownership of.	To demand ownership or right to use for land.	To proclaim.	To state a new fact, typically without providing evidence to prove it is true.	To win as a prize in a sport or competition.
innocent	adj	Bearing no legal responsibility for a wrongful act.	Free from guilt, sin, or immorality.	Lacking (something), or knowledge of it.	Lawful; permitted.	Naive; artless.	Not contraband; not subject to forfeiture.	Not harmful; innocuous; harmless; benign.	Without wrongful intent; accidental or in good faith.
innocent	noun	A harmless simple-minded person; an idiot.	One who is innocent, especially a young child.
progress	noun	A journey forward; travel.	An official journey made by a monarch or other high personage; a state journey, a circuit.	Movement onwards, forwards, or towards a specific objective or direction; advance.	Movement or advancement through a series of events, or points in time; development through time.	Specifically, advancement to a higher or more developed state; development, growth.
progress	verb	To develop.	To expedite.	To improve; to become better or more complete.	To move, go, or proceed forward; to advance.
chocolate	noun	A black person; (uncountable) blackness.	A cat having a chocolate-colored coat.	A dark, reddish-brown colour/color, like that of chocolate (also called chocolate brown).	A drink made by dissolving this food in boiling milk or water.	A food made from ground roasted cocoa beans.	A single, small piece of confectionery made from chocolate.
chocolate	adj	Black (relating to any of various ethnic groups having dark pigmentation of the skin).	Having a dark reddish-brown colour/color.	Made of or containing chocolate.
chocolate	verb	To add chocolate to; to cover (food) in chocolate.	To treat blood agar by heating in order to lyse the red blood cells in the medium.
rate	noun	A class into which ships were assigned based on condition, size etc.; by extension, rank.	A set price or charge for all examples of a given case, commodity, service etc.	A wage calculated in relation to a unit of time.	Any of various taxes, especially those levied by a local authority.	Established portion or measure; fixed allowance; ration.	Order; arrangement.	Ratification; approval.	Speed.	The gain or loss of a timepiece in a unit of time.	The price of (an individual) thing; cost.	The proportional relationship between one amount, value etc. and another.	The relative speed of change or progress.	The worth of something; value.
rate	verb	To ascertain the exact rate of the gain or loss of (a chronometer) as compared with true time.	To assign or be assigned a particular rank or level.	To berate, scold.	To consider or regard.	To deserve; to be worth.	To determine the limits of safe functioning for a machine or electrical device.	To evaluate a property's value for the purposes of local taxation.	To evaluate or estimate the value of.	To have position (in a certain class).	To have value or standing.	To like; to think highly of.	To ratify.	To take action to slow down the pace of the horse one is riding.
pencil	noun	A family of geometric objects with a common property, such as the set of lines that pass through a given point in a projective plane.	A paintbrush.	A small medicated bougie.	A writing utensil with a graphite (commonly referred to as lead) shaft, usually blended with clay, clad in wood, and sharpened to a taper.	An aggregate or collection of rays of light, especially when diverging from, or converging to, a point.	Ellipsis of power of the pencil.
pencil	verb	To mark with, or as if with, a pencil.	To write (something) using a pencil.
rice	noun	A bobbin or spool.	A specific variety of this plant.	A twig or stick.	An instance of customization of a user interface.	Cereal plants, Oryza sativa of the grass family whose seeds are used as food.	The seeds of this plant used as food.	The types of automobile modifications characteristic of a rice burner.
rice	verb	To customize the user interface of a computer system, e.g. a desktop environment. (derived from rice out)	To harvest wild rice (Zizania spp.)	To squeeze through a ricer; to mash or make into rice-sized pieces (especially potatoes).	To throw rice at a person (usually at a wedding).
divorce	noun	A separation of connected things.	That which separates.	The legal dissolution of a marriage.	The separation of a bonded pair of animals.
divorce	verb	To end one's own marriage to (a person) in this way.	To legally dissolve a marriage between two people.	To obtain a legal divorce.	To separate something that was connected.
normal	adj	According to norms or rules or to a regular pattern.	Adhering to or being what is considered natural or regular in a particular field or context:	Being (as a morphism) or containing (as a category) only normal epimorphism(s) or monomorphism(s), that is, those which are the kernel or cokernel of some morphism, respectively.	Describing a straight chain isomer of an aliphatic hydrocarbon, or an aliphatic compound in which a substituent is in the 1- position of such a hydrocarbon.	Fervently interested in a subject; obsessed.	In the default position, set for the most frequently used route.	In which all parts of an object vibrate at the same frequency (a normal mode).	In which disjoint closed sets can be separated by disjoint neighborhoods.	In whose representation in a given base b ≥ 2, for every positive integer n, the bⁿ possible strings of n digits follow a uniform distribution.	Integrally closed: equal its own integral closure in its field of fractions.	Of, relating to, or being a solution containing one equivalent weight of solute per litre of solution.	Perpendicular to a tangent of a curve or tangent plane of a surface.	Such that all of its localizations at prime ideals are integrally closed domains.	Such that the local ring at every point is an integrally closed domain.	Teaching teachers how to teach; teaching teachers the norms of education.	Usual, healthy; not sick or ill or unlike oneself.	Which commutes with its adjoint.	Which commutes with its conjugate transpose.	Which has a normal distribution; which is associated with a random variable that has a normal distribution.	Which has a very specific bell curve shape; that is or has the qualities of a normal distribution.	Which is pre-compact.	Which is strictly monotonically increasing and continuous with respect to the order topology.	Which is the splitting field of a family of polynomials in K.	With cosets which form a group.
normal	noun	A line or vector that is perpendicular to another line, surface, or plane.	A person who is healthy, normal, as opposed to one who is morbid.	A person who is normal, who fits into mainstream society, as opposed to those who live alternative lifestyles.	The usual state.
task	noun	A difficult or tedious undertaking.	A piece of work done as part of one’s duties.	A process or execution of a program.	A single action undertaken by a given agent.	A tax or charge.	Alternative form of taisch.	An objective.	Any piece of work done.
task	verb	To assign a task to, or impose a task on.	To charge, as with a fault.	To oppress with severe or excessive burdens; to tax
writer	noun	A clerk of a certain rank in the service of the East India Company, who, after serving a certain number of years, became a factor.	A graffiti artist.	A person who writes, or produces literary work; an author can refer to themselves as "the writer".	A petty officer in the United States navy who keeps the watch-muster and other books of the ship.	An ordinary legal practitioner in Scottish country towns.	Anything that writes or produces output.	The seller of an option.
event	noun	A point in spacetime having three spatial coordinates and one temporal coordinate.	A possible action that the user can perform that is monitored by an application or the operating system (event listener). When an event occurs an event handler is called which performs a specific task.	A prearranged social activity (function, etc.)	A remarkable person.	A set of some of the possible outcomes; a subset of the sample space.	An affair in hand; business; enterprise.	An end result; an outcome (now chiefly in phrases).	An episode of severe health conditions.	An occurrence; something that happens.	One of several contests that combine to make up a competition.
event	verb	To be emitted or breathed out; to evaporate.	To expose to the air, ventilate.	To occur, take place.
Friday	noun	The last workday in a work schedule that is not Monday through Friday.	The sixth day of the week in many religious traditions, and the fifth day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 norm; the Muslim Sabbath; it follows Thursday and precedes Saturday.
Friday	adv	On Friday.
although	conj	But, except.	Though, even though, in spite of or despite the fact that: introducing a clause that expresses a concession.
master	noun	A device that is controlling other devices or is an authoritative source.	A male dominant.	A male head of household.	A male schoolteacher.	A man or a boy; mister. See Master.	A master's degree; a type of postgraduate degree, usually undertaken after a bachelor degree.	A parajudicial officer (such as a referee, an auditor, an examiner, or an assessor) specially appointed to help a court with its proceedings.	A person holding a similar office in other civic societies.	A person holding an office of authority, especially the presiding officer.	A person holding such a degree.	A skilled artist.	A tradesman who is qualified to teach apprentices.	A vessel having a specified number of masts.	An expert at something.	Ellipsis of master key.	Someone who employs others.	Someone who has control over something or someone.	The captain of a merchant ship; a master mariner.	The original of a document or of a recording.	The owner of an animal or slave.	The primary wide shot of a scene, into which the closeups will be edited later.
master	adj	Highly skilled.	Main, principal or predominant.	Masterful.	Original.
master	verb	To be a master.	To become the master of; to subject to one's will, control, or authority; to conquer; to overpower; to subdue.	To earn a Master's degree.	To learn to a high degree of proficiency.	To make a master copy of.	To own; to possess.
nine	num	A numerical value equal to 9; the number following eight and preceding ten.	Describing a group or set with nine elements.
nine	noun	A baseball club, team, or lineup (composed of nine players).	A nine-millimeter semi-automatic pistol.	A playing card with nine pips.	A statistical unit of proportion (of reliability, purity, etc.).	The digit or figure 9.
cream	noun	A dish prepared through creaming, particularly cream of	A portion of cream, such as the amount found in a creamer.	A viscous aqueous oil or fat emulsion with a medicament added, used to apply that medicament to the skin. (compare with ointment)	A yellowish white color; the color of cream.	Frosting, custard, creamer, or another substance similar to the oily part of milk or to whipped cream.	Semen.	The best part of something.	The butterfat or milkfat part of milk which rises to the top; this part when separated from the remainder.	The chrism or consecrated oil used in anointing ceremonies.	The liquid separated from milk containing at least 18 percent milkfat (48% for double cream).	The liquid separated from milk, possibly with certain other milk products added, and with at least eighteen percent of it milkfat.
cream	adj	Cream-coloured; having a yellowish white colour.
cream	verb	To ejaculate (used of either gender).	To ejaculate in (clothing or a bodily orifice).	To furnish with, or as if with, cream.	To gather or form cream.	To obliterate, to defeat decisively.	To puree, to blend with a liquifying process.	To rub, stir, or beat (butter) into a light creamy consistency.	To skim, or take off by skimming, as cream.	To take off the best or choicest part of.	To turn a yellowish white color; to give something the color of cream.
equal	adj	Adequate; sufficiently capable or qualified.	Exactly identical, having the same value.	Fair, impartial.	Intended for voices of one kind only, either all male or all female; not mixed.	Not variable; equable; uniform; even.	The same in all respects that matter practically; interchangeable, fungible, or (even sometimes) identical for practical purposes.	The same in one or more respects.	The same in value (status, merit, etc): having or deserving the same rights or treatment.
equal	verb	To be equal to, to have the same value as; to correspond to.	To have as consequence, to amount to, to mean.	To make equivalent to; to cause to match.	To match in degree or some other quality, to match up to.
equal	noun	A person or thing of equal status to others.	State of being equal; equality.
persuade	verb	To convince of by argument, or by reasons offered or suggested from reflection, etc.; to cause to believe (something).	To successfully convince (someone) to agree to, accept, or do something, usually through reasoning and verbal influence.	To urge, plead; to try to convince (someone to do something).
blind	adj	Abortive; failing to produce flowers or fruit.	Closed at one end; having a dead end; exitless.	Failing to recognize, acknowledge or perceive.	Having little or no visibility.	Having no openings for light or passage; both dark and exitless.	Smallest or slightest.	Unable to see, or only partially able to see.	Uncircumcised.	Unconditional; without regard to evidence, logic, reality, accidental mistakes, extenuating circumstances, etc.	Unintelligible or illegible.	Using blinded study design, wherein information is purposely limited to prevent bias.	Without any prior knowledge.	not having a well-defined head.
blind	noun	A blindage.	A destination sign mounted on a public transport vehicle displaying the route destination, number, name and/or via points, etc.	A forced bet: the small blind or the big blind.	A hiding place.	A movable covering for a window to keep out light, made of cloth or of narrow slats that can block light or allow it to pass.	A place where people can hide in order to observe wildlife.	A player who is forced to pay such a bet.	No score.	Something to mislead the eye or the understanding, or to conceal some covert deed or design; a subterfuge, deception.	The blindside.
blind	verb	To cover with a thin coating of sand and fine gravel, for example a road newly paved, in order that the joints between the stones may be filled.	To curse.	To darken; to obscure to the eye or understanding; to conceal.	To make temporarily or permanently blind.
blind	adv	Absolutely, totally.	As a pastry case only, without any filling.	Without looking at the cards dealt.	Without seeing; unseeingly.
vegetable	noun	A mine (explosive device).	A person whose brain (or, infrequently, whose body) has been damaged to the point that they cannot interact with the surrounding environment; a person in a persistent vegetative state.	A plant raised for some edible part of it, such as the leaves, roots, fruit or flowers, but excluding any plant considered to be a fruit, grain, herb, or spice in the culinary sense.	Any plant.	The edible part of such a plant.
vegetable	adj	Of or relating to plants.	Of or relating to vegetables.
whom	pron	Also used with names of collective nouns that are groups of people, especially singularly-named musical groups or sports teams.	As the object of a preposition.	As the object of a verb.	The person(s) whom; whomever.	Used to refer to a previously mentioned person or people.	What person or people; which person or people.
approach	verb	Of an immovable object or a number of such objects: to be positioned as to (notionally) appear to be moving towards (a place).	To attempt to make (a policy) or solve (a problem).	To bring (something) near something else; to cause (something) to draw near.	To bring up or propose to (someone) an idea, question, request, etc.	To come or go near, in place or time; to move toward; to advance nearer; to draw nigh.	To have sexual intercourse with (someone).	To move toward (someone or something) in place, time, character, or value; to draw nearer to.	To play an approach shot.	To take approaches to (a place); to move towards (a place) by using covered roads, trenches, or other works.	Used intransitively, followed by to: to draw near (to someone or something); to make advances; to approximate or become almost equal.
approach	noun	A manner of making (a policy) or solving (a problem, etc.).	A path taken to reach the climbing area, for example, from a car park, road, etc.	A specific procedure used for approaching and landing at an airport.	An act of coming near in character or value; an approximation.	An act of drawing near in place or time; an advancing or coming near.	An avenue, passage, or way by which a building or place can be approached; an access.	An opportunity of drawing near; access.	Ellipsis of approach shot.	The area before the lane in which a bowler may stand or run up before bowling the ball.	The way an aircraft comes in to land at an airport.
Smith	name	A ghost town in Humboldt County, California.	A hamlet in the Municipal District of Lesser Slave River, northern Alberta, Canada.	A male given name transferred from the surname.	A number of townships in the United States, listed under Smith Township.	A river in California, United States, flowing from the Klamath Mountains into the Pacific.	A river in Douglas County, Oregon, United States, a tributary of the Umpqua River.	A river in Linn County, Oregon, United States, a tributary of the McKenzie River.	A river in Montana, United States, a tributary of the Missouri.	A river in New Hampshire, United States, a tributary of the Pemigewasset River.	A river in Quebec, Canada, a tributary of the Montmorency River.	A river in Virginia and North Carolina, United States, a tributary of the Dan River.	A river in Yukon and British Columbia, Canada, a tributary of the Liard River.	A small unincorporated community in Lyon County, Nevada, named for an early settler family.	An English surname originating as an occupation (the most common in Britain, the United States, Canada, Australia, and New Zealand).	An unincorporated community in Harlan County, Kentucky.	An unincorporated community in LaPorte County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in York County, South Carolina.	Several places in the United States:	Several rivers:	Smith College (a women's college in Massachusetts, U.S.)
effect	noun	A scientific phenomenon, usually named after its discoverer.	An alteration, or device for producing an alteration, in sound after it has been produced by an instrument.	An illusion produced by technical means (as in "special effect")	An influence or causal association between two variables.	Belongings, usually as personal effects.	Consequence intended; purpose; meaning; general intent; with to.	Execution; performance; realization; operation.	Impression left on the mind; sensation produced.	Manifestation; expression; sign.	Reality; actual meaning; fact, as distinguished from mere appearance.	The result or outcome of a cause.	The state of being binding and enforceable, as in a rule, policy, or law.
effect	verb	Misspelling of affect.	To make or bring about; to implement.
Kyoto	name	A prefecture of Japan.	The Kyoto Protocol.	The capital city of Kyoto Prefecture, Japan, and the country's former capital.
population	noun	A collection of organisms of a particular species, sharing a particular characteristic of interest, most often that of living in a given area.	A count of the number of residents within a political or geographical boundary such as a town, a nation or the world.	A group of units (persons, objects, or other items) enumerated in a census or from which a sample is drawn.	General population.	The act of filling initially empty items in a collection.	The number of living cells in a pattern.	The people living within a political or geographical boundary.	The people with a given characteristic.
weak	adj	Bad or uncool.	Definite in meaning, often used with a definite article or similar word.	Dilute, lacking in taste or potency.	Displaying a particular kind of inflection, including:	Having a narrow range of logical consequences; narrowly applicable. (Often contrasted with a strong statement which implies it.)	Having a strong, irrepressible emotional love for someone or (less often) something; sentimentally affected by such love.	Lacking contrast.	Lacking in force (usually strength) or ability.	Lacking in vigour or expression.	Not having power to convince; not supported by force of reason or truth; unsustained.	Not prevalent or effective, or not felt to be prevalent; not potent; feeble.	One of the four fundamental forces associated with nuclear decay.	Regular in inflection, lacking vowel changes and having a past tense with -d- or -t-.	Resulting from, or indicating, lack of judgment, discernment, or firmness; unwise; hence, foolish.	Showing less distinct grammatical endings.	Tending towards lower prices.	That does not ionize completely into anions and cations in a solution.	Unable to sustain a great weight, pressure, or strain.	Unable to withstand temptation, urgency, persuasion, etc.; easily impressed, moved, or overcome; accessible; vulnerable.
anger	noun	A strong and unpleasant feeling of displeasure, hostility, or antagonism towards someone or something, usually combined with an urge to yell, say curse words, and/or physically harm or cause damage or destruction to things or attack or assault living beings, often stemming from perceived provocation, hurt, threat, insults, or unfair or unjust treatment, or a situation not going the way one had desired or planned.	Pain or stinging.
anger	verb	To become angry.	To cause such a feeling of antagonism in.
recommend	verb	To advise, propose, counsel favorably	To bestow commendation on; to represent favourably; to suggest, endorse or encourage as an appropriate choice.	To commit, confide to another's care, confidence or acceptance, with favoring representations	To make acceptable; to attract favor to.
recommend	noun	A recommendation.
cookie	noun	A bun.	A cucoloris.	A doughnut; a peel-out or skid mark in the shape of a circle.	A magic cookie.	A piece of crack cocaine, larger than a rock, and often in the shape of a cookie.	A small, flat, baked good which is either crisp or soft but firm.	A sweet baked good (as in the previous sense) usually having chocolate chips, fruit, nuts, etc. baked into it.	Affectionate name for a cook.	An HTTP cookie.	An attractive young woman.	Clipping of fortune cookie.	One's eaten food (e.g. lunch, etc.), especially one's stomach contents.	The anus of a man.	The vulva.
cookie	verb	To send a cookie to (a user, computer, etc.).
kick	verb	To accelerate quickly with a few pedal strokes in an effort to break away from other riders.	To attack (a piece) in order to force it to move.	To be emphatically excellent.	To die.	To direct to a particular place by a blow with the foot or leg.	To eject summarily.	To forcibly remove a participant from an online activity.	To make a sharp jerking movement of the leg, as to strike something.	To move or push suddenly and violently.	To overcome (a bothersome or difficult issue or obstacle); to free oneself of (a problem).	To recoil; to push by recoiling.	To reproach oneself for making a mistake or missing an opportunity.	To reset (a watchdog timer).	To show opposition or resistance.	To strike or hit with the foot or other extremity of the leg.	To work a press by impact of the foot on a treadle.
kick	noun	A hit or strike with the leg, foot or knee.	A pass played by kicking with the foot.	A pocket.	A pungent or spicy flavour; piquancy.	A shoe.	A stimulation provided by an intoxicating substance.	An increase in speed in the final part of a running race.	Any bucking motion of an object that lacks legs or feet.	Sixpence.	Something that tickles the fancy; something fun or amusing; a pleasure; a thrill.	Synonym of kicker (“backlight positioned at an angle”).	The action of swinging a foot or leg.	The distance traveled by kicking the ball.	The recoil of a gun.	The removal of a person from an online activity.
include	verb	To bring into a group, class, set, or total as a (new) part or member.	To conclude; to terminate.	To consider as part of something; to comprehend.	To enclose, confine.	To use a directive that allows the use of source code from another file.
include	noun	A piece of source code or other content that is dynamically retrieved for inclusion in another item.
destroy	verb	To damage beyond use or repair; to damage (something) to the point that it effectively ceases to exist.	To eat food quickly, hungrily or completely.	To exhaust completely and thus recreate or build up.	To neutralize, undo a property or condition.	To penetrate sexually in an aggressive way.	To put down or euthanize.	To remove data.	To severely disrupt the well-being of (a person); ruin.	To sing a song extremely poorly.	To utterly defeat; to crush.
poem	noun	A literary piece written in verse.	A piece of poetic writing, that is with an intensity or depth of expression or inspiration greater than is usual in prose.	A piece of writing in the tradition of poetry, an instance of poetry.
relationship	noun	A romantic or sexual involvement.	A way in which two or more people behave and are involved with each other	Connection or association; the condition of being related.	Kinship; being related by blood or marriage.	The level or degree of affinity between keys, chords and tones.	The links between the x-values and y-values of ordered pairs of numbers especially coordinates.
season	noun	A fixed period of time in a massively multiplayer online game in which new content (themes, rules, modes, etc.) becomes available, sometimes replacing earlier content.	A group of episodes of a television or radio program broadcast in regular intervals with a long break between each group, usually with one year between the beginning of each.	A part of a year when something particular happens.	A period of the year in which a place is most busy or frequented for business, amusement, etc.	A period of time in one’s life characterized by a particular emotion of situation.	An extended, undefined period of time.	Each of the four divisions of a year: spring, summer, autumn (fall) and winter	That which gives relish; seasoning.	The full set of downloadable content for a game, which can be purchased with a season pass.	The period over which a series of Test matches are played.
season	verb	To become dry and hard, by the escape of the natural juices, or by being penetrated with other substance.	To become mature; to grow fit for use; to become adapted to a climate.	To flavour food with spices, herbs or salt.	To habituate, accustom, or inure (someone or something) to a particular use, purpose, or circumstance.	To impregnate (literally or figuratively).	To mingle: to moderate, temper, or qualify by admixture.	To prepare by drying or hardening, or removal of natural juices.
ourselves	pron	Intensifies the subject as the group including the speaker, especially to indicate that no one else satisfies the predicate or needs to be included.	Referring to an individual person being addressed, especially a person in the speaker's care; also ourself.	Referring to everyone being addressed.	Us; the group including the speaker as the object of a verb or preposition when that group also is the subject.
compare	verb	To assess the similarities and differences between two or more things ["to compare X with Y"]. Having made the comparison of X with Y, one might have found it similar to Y or different from Y.	To be similar (often used in the negative).	To declare two things to be similar in some respect ["to compare X to Y"].	To form the three degrees of comparison of (an adjective).	To get; to obtain.
compare	noun	An instruction or command that compares two values or states.	Comparison.	Illustration by comparison; simile.
lift	verb	Given morphisms f and g with the same target: To produce a morphism which the given morphism factors through (i.e. a morphism h such that f=g∘h; cf. lift n.18)	To alleviate, to lighten (pressure, tension, stress, etc.)	To arrest (a person).	To bear; to support.	To buy a security or other asset previously offered for sale.	To collect, as moneys due; to raise.	To elevate or improve in rank, condition, etc.; often with up.	To lift weights; to weight-lift.	To raise or rise.	To remove (a ban, restriction, etc.).	To source directly without acknowledgement; to plagiarise.	To steal.	To take (hounds) off the existing scent and move them to another spot.	To transform (a function) into a corresponding function in a different context.	To try to raise something; to exert the strength for raising or bearing.	to cause to move upwards.
lift	noun	A layer of leather in the heel of a shoe.	A liftgate.	A morphism which some given morphism factors through; i.e. given a pair of morphisms f:X→Y and g:Z→Y, a morphism h such that f=g∘h. (In this case h is said to be a lift of f via Z or via g).	A rise; a degree of elevation.	A rope leading from the masthead to the extremity of a yard below, and used for raising or supporting the end of the yard.	A shorter extract from a commercial/advertisement, able to be used on its own.	A thief.	Air.	An act of lifting or raising.	An improvement in mood.	An upward force; especially, the force (generated by wings, rotary wings, or airfoils) that keeps aircraft aloft.	Mechanical device for vertically transporting goods or people between floors in a building.	One of the steps of a cone pulley.	Permanent construction with a built-in platform that is lifted vertically.	That portion of the vibration of a balance during which the impulse is given.	The act of transporting someone in a vehicle; a ride; a trip.	The amount or weight to be lifted.	The difference in elevation between the upper pool and lower pool of a waterway, separated by lock.	The lifting of a dance partner into the air.	The sky; the heavens; firmament; atmosphere.	The space or distance through which anything is lifted.
museum	noun	A building or institution dedicated to the acquisition, conservation, study, exhibition, and educational interpretation of objects having scientific, historical, cultural or artistic value.
museum	verb	To place in a museum.	To visit museums.
bet	noun	A candidate (for elections and pageants) or competitor (in multinational sports).	A wager, an agreement between two parties that a stake (usually money) will be paid by the loser to the winner (the winner being the one who correctly forecast the outcome of an event).	Alternative form of beth (“Semitic letter”).	Indicating a degree of certainty, or that something can be relied upon.
bet	verb	To be sure of something; to be able to count on something.	To place money into the pot in order to require others do the same, usually only used for the first person to place money in the pot on each round.	To stake or pledge upon the outcome of an event; to wager.
bet	intj	Exclamation indicating acceptance of a challenge or an absurd proposal.	Exclamation of joy at good fortune.	Expression of general agreement or acceptance.
bet	prep	between
nearly	adv	Closely, in close proximity.	In close approximation; almost, virtually.	Stingily.	With close relation; intimately.	With great scrutiny; carefully.
map	noun	A function, especially a function satisfying a certain property (e.g. continuity, linearity, etc.; see Usage notes).	A graphical or logical representation of any structure or system, showing the positions of or relationships between its components.	A visual representation of an area, whether real or imaginary, showing the relative positions of places and other features.	An imaginary or fictional area, often predefined and confined, where a game or a session thereof takes place.	Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genera Araschnia (especially, Araschnia levana) and Cyrestis, having map-like markings on the wings.	Synonym of associative array.	The face.
map	verb	To act as a function on something, taking it to something else.	To assign a drive letter to a shared folder.	To create a direct relationship to; to create a correspondence with.	To create a map of; to examine or survey in order to gather information for a map.	To have a direct relationship; to correspond.	To represent by means of a map.
mail	noun	A bag containing letters to be delivered by post.	A bag or wallet.	A contrivance of interlinked rings, for rubbing off the loose hemp on lines and white cordage.	A monetary payment or tribute.	A spot on a bird's feather; by extension, a spotted feather.	A stagecoach, train or ship that delivers such post.	A trunk, box, or bag, in which clothing, etc., may be carried.	An email message.	An old French coin worth half a denier.	Any hard protective covering of an animal, as the scales and plates of reptiles, shell of a lobster, etc.	Armour consisting of metal rings linked together.	Armour consisting of small plates linked together.	Electronic mail, e-mail: a computer network–based service for sending, storing, and forwarding electronic messages.	Email messages conceived in bulk (as with the analogous sense of physical mail).	Rent.	Tax.	The (physical) material conveyed by the postal service.	The letters, parcels, etc. delivered to a particular address or person.	The postal service or system in general.
mail	verb	To arm with mail.	To contact (a person) by electronic mail.	To pinion.	To send (a letter, parcel, etc.) through the mail.	To send by electronic mail.
shine	verb	To be effulgent in splendour or beauty.	To be eminent, conspicuous, or distinguished; to exhibit brilliant intellectual powers.	To be immediately apparent.	To cause (something) to be smooth and shiny by rubbing; put a shine on (something); polish (something).	To cause to shine, as a light or by reflected light.	To create light with (a flashlight, lamp, torch, or similar).	To distinguish oneself; to excel.	To emit or reflect light so as to glow.	To polish a cricket ball using saliva and one’s clothing.	To reflect light.
shine	noun	A black person.	A caper; an antic; a row.	A liking for a person; a fancy.	Brightness from a source of light.	Brightness from reflected light.	Excellence in quality or appearance; splendour.	Moonshine; an illicitly brewed alcoholic drink.	Shoeshine.	Sunshine (typically in contrast with rain).	The amount of shininess on a cricket ball, or on each side of the ball.
commit	verb	To be committed or perpetrated; to take place; to occur.	To commit an offence; especially, to fornicate.	To confound.	To do (something bad); to perpetrate, as a crime, sin, or fault.	To enter into a contest; to match; often followed by with.	To forcibly evaluate and treat in a medical facility, particularly for presumed mental illness.	To give in trust; to put into charge or keeping; to entrust; to consign; used with to or formerly unto.	To imprison: to forcibly place in a jail.	To integrate new revisions into the public or master version of a file in a version control system.	To make a set of changes permanent.	To pledge or bind; to compromise, expose, or endanger by some decisive act or preliminary step. (Traditionally used only reflexively but now also without oneself etc.)
commit	noun	A person, especially a high school athlete, who agrees verbally or signs a letter committing to attend a college or university.	The act of committing (e.g. a database transaction), making it a permanent change; such a change.	The submission of source code or other material to a source control repository.
rose	noun	A bouquet of circles.	A flower of the rose plant.	A graph with only one vertex.	A plant or species in the rose family. (Rosaceae)	A purplish-red or pink color, the color of some rose flowers.	A round nozzle for a sprinkling can or hose.	A shrub of the genus Rosa, with red, pink, white or yellow flowers.	Alternative spelling of rosé.	Any of various flower-like polar graphs of sinusoids or their squares.	Any of various large, red-bodied, papilionid butterflies of the genus Pachliopta.	Something resembling a rose flower.	The rose flower, usually depicted with five petals, five barbs, and a circular seed.	The usually circular base of a light socket in the ceiling, from which the fitting or chandelier is suspended.
rose	verb	To make rose-colored; to redden or flush.	To perfume, as with roses.	past participle of rise	simple past of rise
rose	adj	Having a purplish-red or pink color; rosy.
disease	noun	A lack of ease; uneasiness; trouble; vexation; disquiet.	An abnormal condition of a human, animal or plant that causes discomfort or dysfunction; distinct from injury insofar as the latter is usually instantaneously acquired.	Any abnormal or harmful condition, as of society, people's attitudes, way of living etc.
disease	verb	To cause unease; to annoy, irritate.	To infect with a disease.
behave	verb	To act in a polite or proper way.	To act, conduct oneself in a specific manner; used with an adverbial of manner.	To conduct (oneself) well, or in a given way; to conform.	To conduct, manage, regulate (something).
cloud	noun	A dark spot on a lighter material or background.	A group or swarm, especially suspended above the ground or flying.	A large, loosely-knitted headscarf worn by women.	A negative or foreboding aspect of something positive: see every cloud has a silver lining or every silver lining has a cloud.	A rock; boulder; a hill.	A telecom network (from their representation in engineering drawings).	A visible mass of water droplets suspended in the air.	A white cat.	An elliptical shape or symbol whose outline is a series of semicircles, supposed to resemble a cloud.	Any mass of dust, steam or smoke resembling such a mass.	Anything unsubstantial.	Anything which makes things foggy or gloomy. Example: The clouds were grey so James thought it was about to rain.	Crystal methamphetamine.	The Internet, regarded as an abstract amorphous omnipresent space for processing and storage, the focus of cloud computing.
cloud	verb	Of the breath, to become cloud; to turn into mist.	To become foggy or gloomy, or obscured from sight.	To become marked, darkened or variegated in this way.	To blacken; to sully; to stain; to tarnish (reputation or character).	To make gloomy or sullen.	To make less acute or perceptive.	To make obscure.	To mark with, or darken in, veins or sports; to variegate with colors.	To overspread or hide with a cloud or clouds.
local	adj	Applying to or satisfied by substructures understood as "near points;" in particular:	Connected directly to a particular computer, processor, etc.; able to be accessed offline.	Descended from an indigenous population.	Detectable from the behavior of substructures understood to be "near points;" in particular:	Detectable from the behavior of the normalizers of the nontrivial p-subgroups.	From or in a nearby location.	Having a unique maximal (left) ideal.	Having limited scope (either lexical or dynamic); only accessible within a certain portion of a program.	Of or pertaining to a restricted part of an organism.	Satisfied by arbitrarily small open neighborhoods of every point.	Satisfied by at least one open neighborhood of every point.	Satisfied by every finitely generated subgroup.	Such that the following conditions are equivalent: (1) P holds for R (M); (2) P holds for the localization R_p (M_p) for all prime ideals p of R; (3) P holds for the localization R_m (M_m) for all maximal ideals m of R.
local	noun	A Twitter user who is not a part of Stan Twitter.	A branch of a nationwide organization such as a trade union.	A locally scoped identifier.	A person who lives near a given place.	An independent trader who acts for themselves rather than on behalf of investors.	An item of news relating to the place where the newspaper is published.	Clipping of local anesthetic.	Clipping of local train.	One's nearest or regularly frequented public house or bar.
local	adv	In the local area; within a city, state, country, etc.
concerned	adj	Involved or responsible.	Showing concern.
concerned	verb	simple past and past participle of concern
base	noun	A basic but essential component or ingredient.	A group of voters who almost always support a single party's candidates for elected office.	A kind of armour skirt, of mail or plate, imitating the preceding civilian skirt.	A kind of skirt (often of velvet or brocade) which hung from the middle to about the knees, or lower.	A line in a survey which, being accurately determined in length and position, serves as the origin from which to compute the distances and positions of any points or objects connected with it by a system of triangles.	A material that holds paint or other materials together; a binder.	A morpheme (or morphemes) that serves as a basic foundation on which affixes can be attached.	A nucleotide's nucleobase in the context of a DNA or RNA biopolymer.	A number raised to the power of an exponent.	A safe zone in the children's games of tag and hide-and-go-seek.	A sequence of elements not jointly stabilized by any nontrivial group element.	A site, structure, or both, usually durable and often permanent, for housing military personnel and materiel.	A substance used as a mordant in dyeing.	A supporting, lower or bottom component of a structure or object.	A topological space, looked at in relation to one of its covering spaces, fibrations, or bundles.	Alternative form of BASE.	An apron.	Any of a class of generally water-soluble compounds that turn red litmus blue and react with acids to form salts.	Dated form of bass.	Ellipsis of base leg.	Foundation: a cosmetic cream to make the face appear uniform.	Important areas in games and sports.	In hand-to-hand balance, the person who supports the flyer; the person that remains in contact with the ground.	One of the four places that a runner can stand without being subject to being tagged out when the ball is in play.	Something from which other things extend; a foundation.	Synonym of radix.	The end of a leaf, petal or similar organ where it is attached to its support.	The forces and relations of production that produce the necessities and amenities of life.	The game of prisoners' bars.	The housing of a horse.	The lower part of a robe or petticoat.	The lowermost part of a column, between the shaft and the pedestal or pavement.	The lowest side of a triangle or other polygon, or the lowest face of a cone, pyramid or other polyhedron laid flat.	The lowest third of a shield (or field), or an ordinary occupying this space, the champagne. (Compare terrace.)	The name of the controlling terminal of a bipolar transistor (BJT).	The place where decisions for an organization are made; headquarters.	The set of sets from which a topology is generated.	The smallest kind of cannon.	The starting point of a logical deduction or thought; basis.	freebase cocaine
base	verb	To act as a base; to be the person supporting the flyer.	To be located (at a particular place).	To freebase.	To give as its foundation or starting point; to lay the foundation of.
base	adj	Alloyed with inferior metal; debased.	Inferior; unworthy, of poor quality.	Low in height; short.	Low in place or position.	Morally reprehensible, immoral; cowardly.	Not classical or correct.	Not considered precious or noble.	Obsolete form of bass.	Of illegitimate birth; bastard.	Of low social standing or rank; vulgar, common.	Of low value or degree.	Relating to feudal land tenure held by a tenant from a lord in exchange for services that are seen as unworthy for noblemen to perform, such as villeinage.
definitely	adv	In a definite manner; decisively.	Without question and beyond doubt.
mess	noun	A building or room in which mess is eaten.	A dessert of fruit and cream, similar to a fool.	A group of iguanas.	A number of persons who eat together, and for whom food is prepared in common, especially military personnel who eat at the same table.	A quantity of food set on a table at one time; provision of food for a person or party for one meal; also, the food given to an animal at one time.	A set of four (from the old practice of dividing companies into sets of four at dinner).	Mass; a church service.	The milk given by a cow at one milking.	a large quantity or number	a person in a state of (especially emotional) turmoil or disarray; an emotional wreck	a thing or group of things in a disagreeable, disorganised, or dirty state; hence a bad situation	a type of restaurant characterized by homely-style cooking and food.	excrement.
mess	verb	To belong to a mess.	To eat (with others).	To interfere.	To make soiled by defecating.	To make soiled by ejaculating.	To make untidy or dirty.	To supply with a mess.	To take meals with a mess.	To throw into disorder or to ruin.
deny	verb	To assert that something is not true.	To disallow or reject.	To disclaim connection with, responsibility for, etc.; to refuse to acknowledge; to disown; to abjure; to disavow.	To prevent from scoring.	To refuse (to do or accept something).	To refuse to give or grant something to someone.	To take something away from someone; to deprive of.
file	noun	A collection of papers collated and archived together.	A column of people one behind another, whether "single file" or in a grid pattern.	A course of thought; a thread of narration.	A cunning or resourceful person.	A roll or list.	A row of modular kitchen units and a countertop, consisting of cabinets and appliances below (dishwasher) and next to (stove/cooker) a countertop.	A small detachment of soldiers.	A tool consisting of a strip or rod of hardened and coarse metal, used for removing sharp edges, shaping, and cutting, especially through metal; usually a hand tool.	An aggregation of data on a storage device, identified by a name.	Clipping of file cabinet.	One of the eight vertical lines of squares on a chessboard (i.e., those identified by a letter).
file	verb	(of a journalist) To submit (an article) to a newspaper or similar publication.	To commit (official papers) to some office.	To corrupt.	To defile.	To move in a file.	To place in an archive in a logical place and order.	To set in order; to arrange, or lay away.	To smooth, grind, or cut with a file.	To store a file (aggregation of data) on a storage medium such as a disc or another computer.	To submit a formal request to some office.
courage	noun	The ability to maintain one's will or intent despite either the experience of fear, frailty, or frustration; or the occurrence of adversity, difficulty, defeat or reversal. Moral fortitude.	The ability to overcome one's fear, do or live things which one finds frightening.	The quality of being confident, not afraid or easily intimidated, but without being incautious or inconsiderate.
courage	verb	To encourage.
beyond	prep	Further away than.	Greater than; so as to exceed or surpass.	In addition to; supplementing.	Later than; after.	Not within the comprehension of.	On the far side of.	Past, or out of reach of.
beyond	adv	Farther along or away.	In addition; more.	extremely, more than
beyond	noun	Something that is far beyond.	The hereafter.	The unknown.
wound	noun	A hurt to a person's feelings, reputation, prospects, etc.	An injury to a person by which the skin is divided or its continuity broken.	An injury, such as a cut, stab, or tear, to a (usually external) part of the body.
wound	verb	To hurt (a person's feelings).	To hurt or injure (someone) by cutting, piercing, or tearing the skin.	simple past and past participle of wind
spread	verb	To cover (something) with a thin layer of some substance, as of butter.	To disperse, to scatter or distribute over a given area.	To disseminate; to cause to proliferate, to make (something) widely known or present.	To extend (individual rays, limbs etc.); to stretch out in varying or opposing directions. simple past and past participle of spread	To open one’s legs, especially for sexual favours.	To prepare; to set and furnish with provisions.	To proliferate; to become more widely present, to be disseminated.	To smear, to distribute in a thin layer.	To speedread; to recite one's arguments at an extremely fast pace.	To stretch out, open out (a material etc.) so that it more fully covers a given area of space.	To take up a larger area or space; to expand, be extended.
spread	noun	A large meal, especially one laid out on a table.	A large tract of land used to raise livestock; a cattle ranch.	A layout, pattern or design of cards arranged for a reading.	A measure of how far the data tend to deviate from the average.	A numerical difference.	A piece of material used as a cover (such as a bedspread).	A set of multiple torpedoes launched on side-by-side, slowly-diverging paths toward one or more enemy ships.	An act or instance of spreading (speedreading).	An arbitrage transaction of the same commodity in two markets, executed to take advantage of a profit from price discrepancies.	An expanse of land.	An item in a newspaper or magazine that occupies more than one column or page.	An unlimited expanse of discontinuous points.	Any form of food designed to be spread, such as butters or jams.	Excessive width of the trails of ink written on overly absorbent paper.	Food improvised by inmates from various ingredients to relieve the tedium of prison food.	Something that has been spread.	The act of spreading.	The difference between bidding and asking price.	The difference between the price of a futures month and the price of another month of the same commodity.	The difference between the prices of two similar items.	The difference between the teams' final scores at the end of a sport match.	The difference between the wholesale and retail prices.	The purchase of a futures contract of one delivery month against the sale of another futures delivery month of the same commodity.	The purchase of one delivery month of one commodity against the sale of that same delivery month of a different commodity.	The surface in proportion to the depth of a cut gemstone.	Two facing pages in a book, newspaper etc.
fresh	adj	Good, fashionable.	In a raw or untried state; uncultured; unpracticed.	Invigoratingly cool and refreshing.	Newly produced or obtained; recent.	Not dried, frozen, or spoiled.	Rested; not tired or fatigued.	Rude, cheeky, or inappropriate; presumptuous; disrespectful; forward.	Sexually aggressive or forward; prone to caress too eagerly; overly flirtatious.	Still green and not dried.	Tipsy; drunk.	Without salt; not saline.	Youthful; florid.
fresh	adv	recently; just recently; most recently
fresh	noun	A rush of water, along a river or onto the land; a flood.	A stream or spring of fresh water.	The mingling of fresh water with salt in rivers or bays, as by means of a flood of fresh water flowing toward or into the sea.
fresh	verb	To become stronger.	To flood or dilute an area of salt water with flowing fresh water.	To freshen up.	To pack (fish) loosely on ice.	To rebore the barrel of a rifle or shotgun.	To renew.	To update.	to give birth to a calf.
cancel	verb	To cease to provide financial or moral support to (someone deemed unacceptable); to disinvite. Compare cancel culture.	To cross out something with lines etc.	To invalidate or annul something.	To kill.	To mark something (such as a used postage stamp) so that it can't be reused.	To offset or equalize something.	To remove a common factor from both the numerator and denominator of a fraction, or from both sides of an equation.	To shut out, as with a railing or with latticework; to exclude.	To stop production of a programme.	To suppress or omit; to strike out, as matter in type.
cancel	noun	A cancellation.	A control message posted to Usenet that serves to cancel a previously posted message.	An enclosure; a boundary; a limit.	The page that replaces it.	The page thus suppressed.	The suppression on striking out of matter in type, or of a printed page or pages.
silent	adj	Free from sound or noise; absolutely still; perfectly quiet.	Having no effect; not operating; inefficient.	Hidden, unseen.	Keeping at rest; inactive; calm; undisturbed.	Not implying significant modifications which would affect a peptide sequence.	Not pronounced; having no sound; quiescent.	Not speaking; indisposed to talk; speechless; mute; taciturn; not loquacious; not talkative.	Of an edit or change to a text, not explicitly acknowledged.	Of distilled spirit: having no flavour or odour.	Undiagnosed or undetected because of an absence of symptoms.	With the sound turned off; usually on silent or in silent mode.	Without audio capability.
silent	noun	A silent movie	That which is silent; a time of silence.
's	verb	Contraction of does (used only with the auxiliary meaning of does and only after interrogative words).	Contraction of has.	Contraction of is.	Contraction of was.
's	pron	Contraction of us (found in the formula let’s which is used to form first-person plural imperatives).
's	det	Contraction of his.
's	conj	Contraction of as (when it is (nonstandardly) used as a relative conjunction, or like a relative pronoun, meaning "that").
's	adv	Contraction of as.
modern	adj	Pertaining to a current or recent time and style; not ancient.	Pertaining to the modern period (c.1800 to contemporary times), particularly in academic historiography.
modern	noun	Someone who lives in modern times.
factory	noun	A building or other place where manufacturing takes place.	A device or process that produces or manufactures something.	A factory farm.	A police station.	A trading establishment, especially set up by merchants working in a foreign country.	In a computer program or library, a function, method, etc. which creates an object.	The original state of an electronic device, as it was when it came from the manufacturer.	The position or state of being a factor.
factory	adj	Having come from the factory in the state it is currently in; original, stock.
lately	adv	Formerly.	In a late manner; after-the-fact.	Recently; not long ago; of late.
anyway	adv	In any way.	Regardless; anyhow.	Used at the end of a question for emphasis, or to direct the conversation to something of more broad importance (compare with more to the point).	Used to indicate a change of subject.	Used to indicate that a statement explains or supports a previous statement. See anyhow and at least.
level	adj	At the same height as some reference; constructed as level with.	Calm.	In the same position or rank.	Of even tone; without rising or falling inflection; monotonic.	Perpendicular to a gravitational force.	Straightforward; direct; clear.	The same height at all places; parallel to a flat ground.	Unvaried in frequency.	Unvaried in volume.	Well balanced; even; just; steady; impartial.
level	noun	A distance relative to a given reference elevation.	A floor of a multi-storey building.	A numeric value given to a character (or other element of a game) that represents its relative power, challenge or eligibility to do things, used as a game mechanic to govern progression through a game.	A school grade or year.	A tool for finding whether a surface is level, or for creating a horizontal or vertical line of reference.	Achievement or qualification.	An area of almost perfectly flat land.	Degree or amount.	Distance from the root node of a tree structure.	One of several discrete segments of a game, generally increasing in difficulty and representing different locations in the game world.	One of the specific values which may be taken by a categorical variable.
level	verb	To adjust or adapt to a certain level.	To adjust so as to make as flat or perpendicular to the ground as possible.	To aim or direct (a weapon, a stare, an accusation, etc).	To bring to a common level or plane, in respect of rank, condition, character, privilege, etc.	To destroy by reducing to ground level; to raze.	To direct or impose (a penalty, fine, etc) at or upon (someone) [with on or against or at].	To make the score of a game equal.	To progress to the next level.	To speak honestly and openly [with with ‘someone’] (see: level with).
barely	adv	Almost not at all.	By a small margin..	Merely.	Openly, clearly, plainly.	Recently, just now.
scream	noun	A form of singing associated with the metal and screamo styles of music. It is a loud, rough, distorted version of the voice; rather than the normal voice of the singer.	A loud vocalisation of many animals, especially in response to pain or fear.	A loud, emphatic, exclamation of extreme emotion, especially horror, fear, excitement, or anger; it may comprise a word or a sustained, high-pitched vowel sound.	An exclamation mark.	Used as an intensifier.
scream	verb	To be very indicative of; clearly having the characteristics of.	To cry out with a shrill voice; to utter a sudden, sharp outcry, or shrill, loud cry, as in fright or extreme pain; to screech, to shriek.	To move quickly; to race.
artist	noun	A person who creates art as an occupation.	A person who creates art.	A person who creates visual art (in contrast to literature, music etc.)	A person who is skilled at some activity.	A recording artist.
artist	adj	Artistic.
solution	noun	A homogeneous mixture, which may be liquid, gas or solid, formed by dissolving one or more substances.	A product, service or suite thereof, especially software.	An act, plan or other means, used or proposed, to solve a problem.	An answer to a problem.	Satisfaction of a claim or debt.	The act of dissolving, especially of a solid by a fluid.	The crisis of a disease.
solution	verb	To treat with a solution.
ashamed	adj	Feeling shame or guilt.
ashamed	verb	simple past and past participle of ashame
remove	verb	To change one's residence or place of business; to move.	To delete.	To depart, to leave; to move oneself or be moved.	To discard, set aside, especially something abstract (a thought, feeling, etc.).	To dismiss a batsman.	To dismiss or discharge from office.	To move from one place to another, especially to take away.	To murder.	To replace a dish within a course.
remove	noun	(at some public schools) A division of the school, especially the form prior to last	A dish served to replace an earlier one during a meal; a part of a new course.	A step or gradation (as in the phrase "at one remove")	Distance in time or space; interval.	Emotional distance or indifference.	State of mind allowing for a certain degree of objectivity in evaluating things.	The act of removing something.	The act of resetting a horse's shoe.	The transfer of one's home or business to another place; a move.
speed	noun	A third-order measure of derivative price sensitivity, expressed as the rate of change of gamma with respect to changes in the underlying asset price.	Amphetamine or any amphetamine-based drug (especially methamphetamine) used as a stimulant, especially illegally.	Luck, success, prosperity.	Personal preference.	The duration of exposure, the time during which a camera shutter is open (shutter speed).	The largest size of the lens opening at which a lens can be used.	The rate of motion or action, specifically the magnitude of the velocity; the rate distance is traversed in a given time.	The ratio of the focal length to the diameter of a photographic objective.	The sensitivity to light of film, plates or sensor.	The state of moving quickly or the capacity for rapid motion.
speed	intj	Called by the soundman when the recording equipment has reached running speed and is ready to go.
speed	verb	To be expedient.	To be under the influence of stimulant drugs, especially amphetamines.	To cause to make haste; to dispatch with celerity; to drive at full speed; hence, to hasten; to hurry.	To exceed the speed limit.	To go fast.	To hasten to a conclusion; to expedite.	To help someone, to give them fortune; to aid or favour.	To hurry to destruction; to put an end to; to ruin.	To increase the rate at which something occurs.	To succeed; to prosper, be lucky.	To wish success or good fortune to, in any undertaking, especially in setting out upon a journey.
survive	verb	Of a person, to continue to live; to remain alive.	Of a team, to avoid relegation or demotion to a lower division or league.	Of an object or concept, to continue to exist.	To be a victim of nonfatal but substantial harm and nonetheless to display the strength to heal; especially, after a crime or an illness, especially sexual or physical abuse or assault, cancer, or a natural disaster.	To live longer than (someone); to outlive (someone or something); to outlast (something).	To live past (a life-threatening event)
excellent	adj	Exceptionally good of its kind.	Having excelled, having surpassed.	Of higher or the highest quality; splendid.	Superior in kind or degree, irrespective of moral quality.
excellent	adv	Excellently.
third	adj	The ordinal form of the cardinal number three; Coming after the second.
third	noun	A handicap of one stroke every third hole.	A third-class degree, awarded to the lowest achievers in an honours degree programme	An interval consisting of the first and third notes in a scale.	One of three equal parts of a whole.	One sixtieth of a second, i.e., the third in a series of fractional parts in a sexagesimal number system.	The person or thing in the third position.	The third gear of a gearbox.	third base
third	verb	To agree with a proposition or statement after it has already been seconded.	To divide into three equal parts.
football	noun	A sport played on foot in which teams attempt to get a ball into a goal or zone defended by the other team.	American football: a game played on a field 100 yards long and 53 1/3 yards wide in which two teams of 11 players attempt to get an ovoid ball to the end of each other's territory.	An item of discussion, particularly in a back-and-forth manner	Any form of rugby.	Association football, also called soccer: a game in which two teams each contend to get a round ball into the other team's goal primarily by kicking the ball.	Australian rules football.	Canadian football: a game played on a field 110 yards long and 65 yards wide in which two teams of 12 players attempt to get an ovoid ball to the end of each other's territory.	Gaelic football: a field game played with similar rules to hurling, but using hands and feet rather than a stick, and a ball, similar to, yet smaller than a soccer ball.	Practice of these particular games, or techniques used in them.	The ball used in any game called "football".	The leather briefcase containing classified nuclear war plans which is always near the US President.	rugby league.	rugby union.
football	verb	To play football.
skin	noun	A congealed layer on the surface of a liquid.	A drink of whisky served hot.	A person; chap.	A purse.	A set of resources that modifies the appearance and/or layout of the graphical user interface of a computer program.	A subgroup of Australian aboriginal people.	A vessel made of skin, used for holding liquids.	An alternate appearance (texture map or geometry) for a character model in a video game.	Bare flesh, particularly bare breasts.	Clipping of skinhead.	Rolling paper for cigarettes.	That part of a sail, when furled, which remains on the outside and covers the whole.	The covering, as of planking or iron plates, outside the framing, forming the sides and bottom of a vessel; the shell; also, a lining inside the framing.	The outer protective layer of the body of any animal, including of a human.	The outer protective layer of the fruit of a plant.	The outer surface covering much of the wings and fuselage of an aircraft.	The skin and fur of an individual animal used by humans for clothing, upholstery, etc.
skin	verb	Short for skin up (“travel uphill on skis, snowboard, or bicycle”)	To apply a skin to (a computer program).	To become covered with skin.	To cover with skin, or as if with skin; hence, to cover superficially.	To high five.	To injure the skin of.	To produce, in recitation, examination, etc., the work of another for one's own, or to use cribs, memoranda, etc., which are prohibited.	To remove the skin and/or fur of an animal or a human.	To sneak off.	To strip of money or property; to cheat.	To use tricks to go past a defender.
private	adj	Accessible only to the class itself or instances of it, and not to other classes or even subclasses.	Belonging or pertaining to an individual person, group of people, or entity that is not the state.	Financially reliant on fees rather than government funding.	Not in governmental office or employment.	Not publicly known or divulged; secret, confidential; (of a message) intended only for a specific person or group.	Not traded by the public.	Of a room in a medical facility, not shared with another patient.	Of the mind or language, not in principle experienceable, knowable, or understandable by others.	Protected from view or disturbance by others; secluded; not publicly accessible.	Relating to an individual or group of individuals outside of their official roles; often, sensitive or personal.	Secretive; reserved.
private	noun	A doctor working in privately rather than publicly funded health care.	A private lesson.	A secret message; a personal unofficial communication.	A soldier of the lowest rank in the army.	One not invested with a public office.	Personal interest; particular business.	Privacy; retirement.	The genitals.
private	verb	To make something hidden from the public (without deleting it permanently).
copy	noun	A particular instance of a book: a single printed impression or digital file representing it.	A particular instance of an issue of a periodical (e.g., magazine, journal, bulletin): a single printed impression or digital file representing that issue; (metonynmically) the issue.	A person employed to carry copy and run errands.	A schoolwork pad or workbook.	An abundance or plenty of anything.	An imitation, sometimes of inferior quality.	That which is to be imitated, transcribed, or reproduced; a pattern, model, or example.	The output of copywriters, who are employed to write material which encourages consumers to buy goods or services.	The result of copying; an identical or nearly identical duplicate of an original.	The result of gene or chromosomal duplication.	The text (words, content) that is to be typeset or similarly prepared and published.	The text to be set into newspaper articles, magazine pages, or similar.	Writing paper of a particular size: Synonym of bastard.	copyhold; tenure; lease.
copy	verb	To give or transmit a copy to (a person).	To imitate.	To place a copy of an object in memory for later use.	To produce an object identical to a given object.	To receive a transmission successfully.
plenty	noun	A more-than-adequate amount; plenitude.
plenty	pron	More than enough.
plenty	adv	More than sufficiently.	Used as an intensifier, very.
plenty	det	many	much, enough
plenty	adj	Plentiful.
breath	noun	A rest or pause.	A single act of breathing in or out; a breathing of air.	A small amount of something, such as wind, or common sense.	Air expelled from the lungs.	Fragrance; exhalation; odor; perfume.	Gentle exercise, causing a quicker respiration.	The act or process of breathing.
breath	adj	voiceless, surd; contrasting with voice (breath sounds, voice sounds)
breath	verb	Misspelling of breathe.
hello	intj	A call for response if it is not clear if anyone is present or listening, or if a telephone conversation may have been disconnected.	A greeting (salutation) said when meeting someone or acknowledging someone’s arrival or presence.	A greeting used when answering the telephone.	An expression of puzzlement or discovery.	Used sarcastically to imply that the person addressed has done something the speaker considers to be foolish, or missed something that should have been obvious.
hello	noun	"Hello!" or an equivalent greeting.
hello	verb	To greet with "hello".
leader	noun	A block of hard wood pierced with suitable holes for leading ropes in their proper places.	A branch or small vein, not important in itself, but indicating the proximity of a better one.	A fast-growing terminal shoot of a woody plant.	A loss leader or a popular product sold at a normal price.	A net for leading fish into a pound, weir, etc.	A performer who leads a band, choir, or a section of an orchestra.	A person or organization that leads in a certain field in terms of excellence, success, etc.	A piece of material at the beginning or end of a reel or roll to allow the material to be threaded or fed onto something, as a reel of film onto a projector or a roll of paper onto a rotary printing press.	A pipe for conducting rain water from a roof to a cistern or to the ground.	A row of dots, periods, or hyphens, used in tables of contents, etc., to lead the eye across a space to the right word or number.	A section of line between the main fishing line and the snell of a hook, intended to be more resistant to bites and harder for a fish to detect than the main fishing line.	A type having a dot or short row of dots upon its face.	An animal that leads.	An intertitle.	Any person who leads or directs.	Either of the two front horses of a team of four in front of a carriage.	One having authority to direct.	One who goes first.	One who leads a political party or group of elected party members; sometimes used in titles.	Someone or something that leads or conducts.	The dominant animal in a pack of animals, such as wolves or lions.	The drive wheel in any kind of machinery.	The first violin in a symphony orchestra; the concertmaster.	The first, or the principal, editorial article in a newspaper; a leading or main editorial article; a lead story.	The path taken by electrons from a cloud to ground level, determining the shape of a bolt of lightning.	an animal placed in advance of others, especially on a team of horse, oxen, or dogs
degree	noun	A stage of proficiency or qualification in a course of study, now especially an award bestowed by a university/college, as a certification of academic achievement. (In the United States, can include secondary schools.)	A stage of rank or privilege; social standing.	A step on a set of stairs; the rung of a ladder.	A unit of measurement of angle equal to ¹⁄₃₆₀ of a circle's circumference.	A unit of measurement of latitude and longitude which together identify a location on the Earth's surface.	A unit of measurement of temperature on any of several scales, such as Celsius or Fahrenheit.	A ‘step’ in genealogical descent.	An individual step, or stage, in any process or scale of values.	Any of the stages (like positive, comparative, superlative, elative) in the comparison of an adjective or an adverb.	One's relative state or experience; way, manner.	The amount that an entity possesses a certain property; relative intensity, extent.	The curvature of a circular arc, expressed as the angle subtended by a fixed length of arc or chord.	The dimensionality of a field extension.	The number of edges that a vertex takes part in; a valency.	The number of logical connectives in a formula.	The sum of the exponents of a term; the order of a polynomial.
regard	noun	A particular aspect or detail; respect, sense.	A steady look, a gaze.	Filter-avoidance spelling of retard.	One's concern for another; esteem; relation, reference.	The worth or estimation in which something or someone is held.
regard	verb	To consider, look upon (something) in a given way etc.	To face toward.	To have to do with, to concern.	To look at; to observe.	To set store by (something), to hold (someone) in esteem; to consider to have value, to respect.	To take notice of, pay attention to.
hole	noun	A card (also called a hole card) dealt face down thus unknown to all but its holder; the status in which such a card is.	A chordless cycle in a graph.	A hollow place or cavity; an excavation; a pit; a dent; a depression; a fissure.	A mountain valley.	A passing loop; a siding provided for trains traveling in opposite directions on a single-track line to pass each other.	A person's mouth.	A security vulnerability in software which can be taken advantage of by an exploit.	A square on the board, with some positional significance, that a player does not, and cannot in the future, control with a friendly pawn.	A subsurface standard-size hole, also called cup, hitting the ball into which is the object of play. Each hole, of which there are usually eighteen as the standard on a full course, is located on a prepared surface, called the green, of a particular type grass.	A vagina.	A weakness; a flaw or ambiguity.	An excavation pit or trench.	An opening that goes all the way through a solid body, a fabric, etc.; a perforation; a rent.	An undesirable place to live or visit.	Any bodily orifice, in particular the anus.	Difficulty, in particular, debt.	In games.	In semiconductors, a lack of an electron in an occupied band behaving like a positively charged particle.	In the game of fives, part of the floor of the court between the step and the pepperbox.	Solitary confinement, a high-security prison cell often used as punishment.	The part of a game in which a player attempts to hit the ball into one of the holes.	The rear portion of the defensive team between the shortstop and the third baseman.
hole	verb	To cut, dig, or bore a hole or holes in.	To destroy.	To drive into a hole, as an animal, or a billiard ball or golf ball.	To go into a hole.	To make holes in (an object or surface).
hole	adj	Misspelling of whole.	Obsolete spelling of whole.
main	adj	Belonging to or connected with the principal mast in a vessel.	Big; angry.	Chief, most important, or principal in extent, size, or strength; consisting of the largest part.	Full, sheer, undivided.	Great in size or degree; important, powerful, strong, vast.	Of chief or leading importance; prime, principal.
main	adv	Exceedingly, extremely, greatly, mightily, very, very much.
main	verb	Ellipsis of mainline (“to inject (a drug) directly into a vein”).	To convert (a road) into a main or primary road.	To mainly play a specific character or side, or with specific equipment, during a game.
main	noun	A banker's shovel for coins.	A basket for gathering grapes.	A hand or match in a game of dice.	A large cable or pipe providing utility service to an area or a building, such as a water main or electric main.	A main account.	A sporting contest or match, especially a cockfighting match.	A stake played for at dice.	Ellipsis of main course (“the principal dish of a meal”).	Ellipsis of mainsail.	Force, power, strength, violent effort.	That which is chief or principal; the chief or main portion; the bulk, the greater part, gross.	The high seas.	The largest throw in a match at dice; in the game of hazard, a number from one to nine called out by a person before the dice are thrown.	The mainland.	The primary character that one plays in a video game in which one can play more than one character.
text	noun	A book, tome or other set of writings.	A style of writing in large characters; also, a kind of type used in printing.	A verse or passage of Scripture, especially one chosen as the subject of a sermon, or in proof of a doctrine.	A writing consisting of multiple glyphs, characters, symbols or sentences.	Anything chosen as the subject of an argument, literary composition, etc.	Data which can be interpreted as human-readable text.	Ellipsis of text message, a brief written message transmitted between mobile phones.
text	verb	To send a text message to; i.e. to transmit text using the Short Message Service (SMS), or a similar service, between communications devices, particularly mobile phones.	To send and receive text messages.	To write in large characters, as in text hand.
soul	noun	A kind of submanifold involved in the soul theorem of Riemannian geometry.	A person, especially as one among many.	An individual life.	Life, energy, vigor.	Soul music.	The spirit or essence of a person usually thought to consist of one's thoughts and personality, often believed to live on after the person's death.	The spirit or essence of anything.
soul	verb	To beg on All Soul's Day.	To endow with a soul or mind.	To feed or nourish.
button	noun	A badge worn on clothes, fixed with a pin through the fabric.	A bud.	A button man; a professional assassin.	A clove (of garlic).	A globule of metal remaining on an assay cupel or in a crucible, after fusion.	A knob or disc that is passed through a loop or (buttonhole), serving as a fastener.	A knob; a small ball; a small, roundish mass.	A mechanical device meant to be pressed with a finger in order to open or close an electric circuit or to activate a mechanism.	A methaqualone tablet (used as a recreational drug).	A person who acts as a decoy.	A piece of wood or metal, usually flat and elongated, turning on a nail or screw, to fasten something, such as a door.	A plastic disk used to represent the person in last position in a poker game; also dealer's button.	A raised pavement marker to further indicate the presence of a pavement-marking painted stripe.	A small white blotch on a cat's coat.	A unit of length equal to ¹⁄₁₂ inch.	An on-screen control that can be selected as an activator of an attached function.	In an instrument of the violin family, the near-semicircular shape extending from the top of the back plate of the instrument, meeting the heel of the neck.	Pedicle; the attachment point for antlers in cervids.	Synonym of adjuster.	Synonym of endbutton, part of a violin-family instrument.	The calyx of an orange.	The center (bullseye) of the house.	The clitoris.	The end of a runway.	The final joke at the end of a comedic act (such as a sketch, set, or scene).	The final segment of a rattlesnake's rattle.	The head of an unexpanded mushroom.	The least amount of care or interest; a whit or jot.	The means for initiating a nuclear strike or similar cataclysmic occurrence.	The oblate spheroidal mass of glass attaching a stem to either its bowl or foot.	The player who is last to act after the flop, turn and river, who possesses the button.	The punchy or suspenseful line of dialogue that concludes a scene.	The soft circular tip at the end of a foil.
button	verb	To be fastened by a button or buttons.	To fasten with a button.	To stop talking.
badly	adv	In a bad manner.	Very much; to a great degree.
badly	adj	Ill, unwell.
boring	noun	A pit or hole which has been bored.	One of the fragments thrown up when something is bored or drilled.	The act or process of boring holes; such practice as an area of expertise in manufacturing.
boring	verb	present participle and gerund of bore
boring	adj	Capable of penetrating; piercing.	Causing boredom or tiredness; making one feel tired and impatient.	Suffering from boredom; mildly annoyed and restless through having nothing to do.	Used, designed to be used, or able to drill holes.
roof	noun	A hat.	An overhanging rock wall.	The external covering at the top of a building.	The surface or bed of rock immediately overlying a bed of coal or a flat vein.	The top external level of a building.	The upper part of a cavity.
roof	verb	To cover or furnish with a roof.	To put into prison, to bird.	To shelter as if under a roof.	To traverse buildings by walking or climbing across their roofs.
farm	noun	A baby farm.	A banquet; feast.	A fixed yearly amount (food, provisions, money, etc.) payable as rent or tax.	A fixed yearly sum accepted from a person as a composition for taxes or other moneys which he is empowered to collect; also, a fixed charge imposed on a town, county, etc., in respect of a tax or taxes to be collected within its limits.	A group of coordinated servers.	A location used for an industrial purpose, having many similar structures.	A place where agricultural and similar activities take place, especially the growing of crops or the raising of livestock.	A tract of land held on lease for the purpose of cultivation.	Food; provisions; a meal.	The body of farmers of public revenues.	The condition of being let at a fixed rent; lease; a lease.	The letting-out of public revenue to a ‘farmer’; the privilege of farming a tax or taxes.
farm	verb	To cleanse; clean out; put in order; empty; empty out	To devote (land) to farming.	To do the same action repeatedly or coordinately on a large scale, in order to attain a result in a way that is considered nonstandard (initially innovative) but usually frowned upon and considered cheating.	To engage in grinding (repetitive activity) in a particular area or against specific enemies for a particular drop or item.	To give up to another, as an estate, a business, the revenue, etc., on condition of receiving in return a percentage of what it yields; to farm out.	To grow (a particular crop).	To lease or let for an equivalent, e.g. land for a rent; to yield the use of to proceeds.	To take at a certain rent or rate.	To work on a farm, especially in the growing and harvesting of crops.
President	noun	An honorific for the head of state of a republic; see president (definition 1).
toward	prep	For the purpose of attaining (an aim).	In relation to (someone or something).	In the direction of.	Located close to; near (a time or place).
toward	adj	Approaching, coming near; impending; present, at hand.	Future; to-come.	Promising, likely.	Yielding, pliant; docile; ready or apt to learn; not froward.
board	noun	A committee that manages the business of an organization, e.g., a board of directors.	A container for holding pre-dealt cards that is used to allow multiple sets of players to play the same cards.	A device (e.g., switchboard) containing electrical switches and other controls and designed to control lights, sound, telephone connections, etc.	A flat surface with markings for playing a board game.	A level or stage having a particular two-dimensional layout.	A long, narrow table, like that used in a medieval dining hall.	A provincial assembly or council.	A rebound.	A relatively long, wide and thin piece of any material, usually wood or similar, often for use in construction or furniture-making.	Paper made thick and stiff like a board, for book covers, etc.; pasteboard.	Regular meals in a place of lodging; the price paid for them.	Short for blackboard, whiteboard, chessboard, surfboard, circuit board, message board (on the Internet), bulletin board, etc.	The distance a sailing vessel runs between tacks when working to windward.	The portion of the playing field where creatures or minions can be placed (or played, summoned, etc.).	The side of a ship.	The wall that surrounds an ice hockey rink.
board	verb	To (at least attempt to) capture an enemy ship by going alongside and grappling her, then invading her with a boarding party.	To approach (someone); to make advances to, accost.	To cover with boards or boarding.	To hit (someone) with a wooden board.	To obtain meals, or meals and lodgings, statedly for compensation	To provide someone with meals and lodging, usually in exchange for money.	To receive meals and lodging in exchange for money.	To step or climb onto or otherwise enter a ship, aircraft, train or other conveyance.	To write something on a board, especially a blackboard or whiteboard.
weapon	noun	A tool of any kind.	A very skilled, competent, or capable person or thing worthy of awe.	An idiot, an oaf, a fool, a tool; a contemptible or incompetent person.	An instrument of attack or defense in combat or hunting, e.g. most guns, missiles, or swords.	An instrument or other means of harming or exerting control over another.	The human genitals.
weapon	verb	To equip with a weapon; to arm.
Jackson	name	A city in Alabama.	A city, the county seat of Amador County, California.	A city, the county seat of Breathitt County, Kentucky.	A city, the county seat of Butts County, Georgia.	A city, the county seat of Cape Girardeau County, Missouri.	A city, the county seat of Jackson County, Michigan.	A city, the county seat of Jackson County, Minnesota.	A city, the county seat of Jackson County, Ohio.	A city, the county seat of Madison County, Tennessee.	A male given name transferred from the surname.	A number of places in the United States:	A placename:	A surname originating as a patronymic.	A town in Adams County, Wisconsin.	A town in Burnett County, Wisconsin.	A town in Louisiana.	A town in Maine.	A town in New Hampshire.	A town in New York.	A town in Queensland, Australia.	A town in South Carolina.	A town in Washington County, Wisconsin.	A town, the county seat of Northampton County, North Carolina.	A town, the county seat of Teton County, Wyoming.	A village in Nebraska.	A village in Washington County, Wisconsin, adjacent to the town.	An unincorporated community and township in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania.	An unincorporated community in Beaverhead County, Montana.	An unincorporated community in Columbia County, Washington.	An unincorporated community in Ripley County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Tipton County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Union County, North Carolina, named after Andrew Jackson.	Andrew Jackson, President of the United States (1829–1837).	Ellipsis of Jackson County.	Many townships in the United States, listed under Jackson Township.	Michael Jackson, singer and entertainer (1958–2009).	Several places in Wisconsin:	The capital city of Mississippi, and one of the two county seats of Hinds County.
Jackson	noun	A U.S. 20-dollar banknote USD (from the portrait of President Andrew Jackson on the bill).	A member of The Jackson 5.
program	noun	A computer program.	A custom tracklist.	A leaflet listing information about a play, game or other activity.	A particular mindset or method of doing things.	A performance of a show or other broadcast on radio or television.	A set of principal goals which someone, especially a political party or candidate, supports.	A set of structured activities; a plan of action.
program	verb	To cause to automatically behave in a particular way.	To develop (software) by writing program code.	To enter a program or other instructions into (a computer or other electronic device) to instruct it to do a particular task.	To put together the schedule of an event.	To schedule the programming; to determine what will be broadcast.
develop	verb	To acquire something usually over a period of time.	To advance; to further; to promote the growth of.	To bring out images latent in photographic film.	To cause a ball to become more open and available to be played on later. Usually by moving it away from the cushion, or by opening a pack.	To change the form of (an algebraic expression, etc.) by executing certain indicated operations without changing the value.	To change with a specific direction, progress.	To create.	To discover, find out; to uncover.	To place one's pieces actively.	To progress through a sequence of stages.
drug	noun	A drudge.	A psychoactive substance, especially one which is illegal and addictive, ingested for recreational use, such as cocaine.	A substance used to treat an illness, relieve a symptom, or modify a chemical process in the body for a specific purpose.	Any commodity that lies on hand, or is not salable; an article of slow sale, or in no demand.	Anything, such as a substance, emotion, or action, to which one is addicted.	Ellipsis of drugstore.
drug	verb	To add intoxicating drugs to with the intention of drugging someone.	To administer intoxicating drugs to, generally without the recipient's knowledge or consent.	To prescribe or administer drugs or medicines.	To use intoxicating drugs.	simple past and past participle of drag
brush	noun	A brush-like electrical discharge of sparks.	A piece of conductive material, usually carbon, serving to maintain electrical contact between the stationary and rotating parts of a machine.	A set of defined design and parameters that produce drawn strokes of a certain texture and quality.	A short and sometimes occasional encounter or experience.	A short contest, or trial, of speed.	A tuft of hair on the mandibles.	An implement consisting of multiple more or less flexible bristles or other filaments attached to a handle, used for any of various purposes including cleaning, painting, and arranging hair.	An instrument, resembling a brush, used to produce a soft sound from drums or cymbals.	An on-screen tool for "painting" a particular colour or texture.	Evergreen boughs, especially balsam, locally cut and baled for export, usually for use in making wreaths.	In 3D video games, a convex polyhedron, especially one that defines structure of the play area.	The act of brushing something.	The floorperson of a poker room, usually in a casino.	The furry tail of an animal, especially of a fox.	Wild vegetation, generally larger than grass but smaller than trees. See shrubland.
brush	verb	To apply with a brush.	To clean one's teeth by brushing them.	To clean with a brush.	To remove with a sweeping motion.	To touch with a sweeping motion, or lightly in passing.	To untangle or arrange with a brush.
prize	noun	A contest for a reward; competition.	A lever; a pry; also, the hold of a lever.	An honour or reward striven for in a competitive contest; anything offered to be competed for, or as an inducement to, or reward of, effort.	Anything captured by a belligerent using the rights of war; especially, property captured at sea in virtue of the rights of war, as a vessel.	Anything worth striving for; a valuable possession held or in prospect.	Obsolete form of price.	That which is taken from another; something captured; a thing seized by force, stratagem, or superior power.	That which may be won by chance, as in a lottery.
prize	verb	To compete in a prizefight.	To consider highly valuable; to esteem.	To move with a lever; to force up or open; to prise or pry.	To set or estimate the value of; to appraise; to price; to rate.
prize	adj	First-rate; exceptional.	Having won a prize; award-winning.
idiot	noun	A person of low general intelligence.	A person of the lowest intellectual standing, a person who lacks the capacity to develop beyond the mental age of a normal four-year-old; a person with an IQ below 30.	A person who makes stupid decisions; a fool.
idiot	adj	Idiotic, stupid.
silence	noun	Refraining from speaking, for purposes of prayer or meditation; especially, a form of worship practiced by the Society of Friends (Quakers) during meetings.	The absence of any sound.	The act of refraining from speaking.
silence	verb	To block gene expression.	To make (someone or something) silent.	To murder.	To repress the expression of something.	To suppress criticism, etc.
silence	intj	Be silent.
unless	conj	Except if; used with hypothetical conditionals.	Except on a specified condition; if not.	If not; used with counterfactual conditionals.
credit	verb	To acknowledge the contribution of.	To add to an account.	To believe; to put credence in.	To bring honour or repute upon; to do credit to; to raise the estimation of.
credit	noun	A course credit, a credit hour – used as measure if enough courses have been taken for graduation.	A nominal unit of value assigned outside of a currency system.	A person's credit rating or creditworthiness, as represented by their history of borrowing and repayment (or non payment).	A privilege of delayed payment extended to a buyer or borrower on the seller's or lender's belief that what is given will be repaid.	A reduction in taxes owed, or a refund for excess taxes paid.	A source of value, distinction or honour.	A unit of currency used in a fictional universe or timeframe.	Acknowledgement of a contribution, especially in the performing arts.	An addition to certain accounts; the side of an account on which payments received are entered.	Recognition for having taken a course (class).	Recognition, respect and admiration.	Reliance on the truth of something said or done; faith; trust.	The time given for payment for something sold on trust.	Written titles and other information about the TV program or movie shown at the beginning and/or end of the TV program or movie.
pour	verb	Misspelling of pore.	Of a beverage, to be on tap or otherwise available for serving to customers.	To cause (liquid, or liquid-like substance) to flow in a stream, either out of a container or into it.	To flow, pass, or issue in a stream; to fall continuously and abundantly.	To move in a throng, as a crowd.	To rain hard.	To send forth from, as in a stream; to discharge uninterruptedly.	To send out as in a stream or a flood; to cause (an emotion) to come out; to cause to escape.
pour	noun	A downpour; a flood of precipitation.	Something, or an amount, poured.	The act of pouring.
collect	verb	To accumulate (a number of similar or related objects), particularly for a hobby or recreation.	To collect payments.	To collide with or crash into (another vehicle or obstacle).	To come together in a group or mass.	To form a conclusion; to deduce, infer. (Compare gather, get.)	To gather together; amass.	To get; particularly, get from someone.	To infer; to conclude.	To pick up or fetch
collect	adj	To be paid for by the recipient, as a telephone call or a shipment.
collect	adv	With payment due from the recipient.
collect	noun	The prayer said before the reading of the epistle lesson, especially one found in a prayerbook, as with the Book of Common Prayer.
forever	adv	Constantly or frequently.	For a very long time, a seeming eternity.	For all time, for all eternity; for a lifetime; for an infinite amount of time.
forever	noun	A mythical time in the future that will never come.	An extremely long time.
forever	adj	Permanent, lasting; constant, perpetual.
Russian	adj	Of or pertaining to Rus.	Of or pertaining to Russia.	Of or pertaining to the Russian language.	Of or pertaining to the Soviet Union.
Russian	noun	A cat of this breed.	A citizen of Russia.	A domestic cat breed.	A gun (due to some preference for Russian arms with gang members).	A kind of sausage derived from Russian Kolbasa.	A person from the Soviet Union.	A type of juggling ball with a hard outer shell, filled with salt, sand or another similar substance.	An ethnic Russian; a member of the East Slavic ethnic group which is native to, and constitutes the majority of the population of, Russia.	Someone from or around Brandon Estate (also known as Moscow).	The Russian language.
Russian	verb	To compel or force someone as a result of Russian influence or pressure.
loud	adj	Having unpleasantly and tastelessly contrasting colours or patterns; gaudy.	High-quality; premium; (by extension) having a strong or pungent odour indicating good quality.	Noisy.	Not subtle or reserved, brash.	Of great intensity.
loud	noun	A loud sound or part of a sound.	High-quality marijuana.
loud	adv	Loudly.
religion	noun	A particular system of such belief, and the rituals and practices proper to it.	Any practice to which someone or some group is seriously devoted.	Belief in a spiritual or metaphysical reality (often including at least one deity), accompanied by practices or rituals pertaining to the belief.	Faithfulness to a given principle; conscientiousness.	Rituals and actions associated with religious beliefs, but considered apart from them.	The way of life committed to by monks and nuns.
religion	verb	Engage in religious practice.	Indoctrinate into a specific religion.	To make sacred or symbolic; sanctify.
Wednesday	noun	The fourth day of the week in many religious traditions, and the third day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 norm; it follows Tuesday and precedes Thursday.
Wednesday	name	Nickname of Sheffield Wednesday of the Football League.
Wednesday	adv	On Wednesday.
comment	noun	A remark embedded in source code in such a way that it will be ignored by the compiler or interpreter, typically to help people to understand the code.	A spoken or written remark.	The act of commenting.	The part of a sentence that provides new information regarding the current theme.
comment	verb	To comment or remark on.	To comment out (code); to disable by converting into a comment.	To insert comments into (source code).	To make remarks or notes; to express a view regarding.	To remark.
havent	contraction	Misspelling of haven't.
brain	noun	A loose compartment of a backpack that straps on over the top opening.	A part of the brain, especially associated with particular mental functions, abilities, etc.	A person who provides the intelligence required for something.	An intellectual or mental capacity.	An intelligent person.	By analogy with a human brain, the part of a machine or computer that performs calculations.	Intellect.	Mind.	Oral sex.	The control center of the central nervous system of an animal located in the skull which is responsible for perception, cognition, attention, memory, emotion, and action.
brain	verb	To conceive in the mind; to understand.	To dash out the brains of; to kill by smashing the skull.	To destroy; to put an end to.	To strike (someone) on the head.	To think effectively.
attempt	verb	To attack; to make an effort or attack upon; to try to take by force.	To make a substantial but unsuccessful effort (to commit a crime).	To try to move, by entreaty, by afflictions, or by temptations; to tempt.	To try to win, subdue, or overcome.	To try.
attempt	noun	A substantial but unsuccessful effort (to commit a crime).	An assault or attack, especially an assassination attempt.	The action of trying at something.
wave	verb	Obsolete spelling of waive.	To call attention to, or give a direction or command to, by a waving motion, as of the hand; to signify by waving; to beckon; to signal; to indicate.	To cause to move back and forth repeatedly.	To fluctuate; to waver; to be in an unsettled state.	To generate a wave.	To have an undulating or wavy form.	To move back and forth repeatedly and somewhat loosely.	To move like a wave, or by floating; to waft.	To move one's hand back and forth (generally above the shoulders) in greeting or departure.	To raise into inequalities of surface; to give an undulating form or surface to.	To signal (someone or something) with a waving movement.	To style (the hair) so as to produce a wavy texture.	To swing and miss at a pitch.
wave	noun	A group activity in a crowd imitating a wave going through water, where people in successive parts of the crowd stand and stretch upward, then sit.	A loose back-and-forth movement, as of the hands.	A movement or trend in popular culture.	A moving disturbance in the energy level of a field.	A moving disturbance in the level of a body of liquid; an undulation.	A shape that alternatingly curves in opposite directions.	A sudden, but temporary, uptick in something.	Any of a number of species of moths in the geometrid subfamily Sterrhinae, which have wavy markings on the wings.	One of the successive swarms of enemies sent to attack the player in certain games.	The ocean.
handsome	adj	Ample; moderately large.	Fine, clear and bright.	Generous or noble in character.	Good, appealing, appropriate.	Having a pleasing appearance, good-looking, attractive	Having a pleasing appearance, good-looking, attractive, particularly	Of a man or boy: attractively manly, having a pleasing face and overall effect.	Of a woman: statuesque, beautiful in a masculine or otherwise imposing way.	Of people and things: dexterous; skillful.	Suitable or fit in action; marked with propriety and ease; appropriate.
handsome	verb	To render handsome.
army	noun	A large group of people working toward the same purpose.	A large group of social animals working toward the same purpose.	A large, highly organized military force, concerned mainly with ground (rather than air or naval) operations.	Any multitude.	The governmental agency in charge of a state's army.	The military as a whole.	Used absolutely for that entire branch of the armed forces.	Within a vast military, a very large tactical contingent (e.g. a number of divisions).
delicious	adj	Having tremendous sex appeal.	Pleasing to a person's taste; pleasing to the eyes or mind.	Pleasing to the sense of taste; tasty.
rumor	noun	A statement or claim of questionable accuracy, from no known reliable source, usually spread by word of mouth.	Clamor, din, outcry.	Fame, reputation.	Information or misinformation of the kind contained in such claims.	Report, news, information in general.
rumor	verb	To tell a rumor about; to gossip.
temperature	noun	A measure of cold or heat, often measurable with a thermometer.	A parameter that controls the degree of randomness of the output.	A property of macroscopic amounts of matter that serves to gauge the average intensity of the random actual motions of the individually mobile particulate constituents.	An elevated body temperature, as present in many illnesses; fever.	The balance of humours in the body, or one's character or outlook as considered determined from this; temperament.	The general mood.	The state or condition of being tempered or moderated.
Italian	adj	Pertaining to Italy.	Pertaining to its people or their cultures.	Pertaining to their language.	Using an italic style; italic.
Italian	noun	A style of cuisine or individual dishes of or associated with Italy or Italian people.	An inhabitant of Italy, or a person of Italian descent.	Ellipsis of Italian cloth.	Ellipsis of Italian sandwich.	Ellipsis of Italian vermouth, a dark-colored sweet or mildly bitter vermouth.	The official language of Italy, also spoken in San Marino, the Vatican, and parts of Argentina, Slovenia and Switzerland.
produce	verb	To alter using technology, as opposed to simply performing.	To bring forth, to yield, make, manufacture, or otherwise generate.	To draw out; to extend; to lengthen or prolong.	To extend an area, or lengthen a line.	To make (a thing) available to a person, an authority, etc.; to provide for inspection.	To make or yield something.	To sponsor and present (a motion picture, etc) to an audience or to the public.
produce	noun	Harvested agricultural goods collectively, especially vegetables and fruit, but possibly including eggs, dairy products and meat; the saleable food products of farms.	Livestock and pet food supplies.	Offspring.	That which is produced.
disappear	verb	To go away; to become lost.	To go missing; to become a missing person.	To make vanish; especially, to abduct or murder for political reasons.	To vanish.
planet	noun	A body which is massive enough to be in hydrostatic equilibrium (generally resulting in being an ellipsoid) but not enough to attain nuclear fusion and, in IAU usage, which directly orbits a star (or multiple star) and dominates the region of its orbit; specifically, in the case of the Solar system, the eight major bodies of Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, and Neptune.	Any body that orbits the Sun, including the asteroids (as minor planets) and sometimes the moons of those bodies (as satellite planets)	Each of the seven major bodies which move relative to the fixed stars in the night sky—the Moon, Mercury, Venus, the Sun, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn.	construed with the or this: The Earth.
entire	adj	Complex-differentiable on all of ℂ.	Consisting of a single piece, as a corolla.	Having a smooth margin without any indentation.	Internal; interior.	Morally whole; pure; sheer.	Not gelded.	Whole; complete.
entire	noun	A complete envelope with stamps and all official markings: (prior to the use of envelopes) a page folded and posted.	An uncastrated horse; a stallion.	Porter or stout as delivered from the brewery.	The whole of something; the entirety.
politician	noun	A politically active or interested person.	A sly or ingratiating person.	One engaged in politics, especially an elected or appointed government official.	Specifically, one who regards elected political office as a career.
Bob	name	A diminutive of the male given name Robert.	The person or system receiving a message or signal from a source conventionally known as Alice.
Bob	noun	A generic male person.
spot	noun	A bill of five-dollar or ten-dollar denomination in dollars.	A brief advertisement or program segment on television.	A bright lamp; a spotlight.	A decimal point; point.	A difficult situation.	A food fish (Leiostomus xanthurus) of the Atlantic coast of the United States, with a black spot behind the shoulders and fifteen oblique dark bars on the sides.	A location or area.	A parking space.	A pimple, papule or pustule.	A round or irregular patch on the surface of a thing having a different color, texture etc. and generally round in shape.	A small, unspecified amount or quantity.	A stain or disfiguring mark.	A symbol on a playing card, domino, die, etc. indicating its value; a pip.	A variety of the common domestic pigeon, so called from a spot on its head just above the beak.	An autosoliton.	An official determination of placement.	Any of the balls marked with spots in the game of pool, which one player aims to pot, the other player taking the stripes.	Any of various points marked on the table, from which balls are played, in snooker, pool, billiards, etc.	Commodities, such as merchandise and cotton, sold for immediate delivery.	One who spots (supports or assists a maneuver, or is prepared to assist if safety dictates); a spotter.	Penalty spot.	The act of spotting or noticing something.	The southern redfish, or red horse (Sciaenops ocellatus), which has a spot on each side at the base of the tail.
spot	verb	Of a ball, to be capable of being placed on its own spot.	To cover with spots, to speckle.	To cut or chip (timber) in preparation for hewing.	To keep the head and eyes pointing in a single direction while turning.	To loan a small amount of money to someone.	To place (an object) at a location indicated by a spot.	To position (a locomotive or car) at a predetermined point, e.g., for loading or unloading.	To position (an aircraft) on the deck of an aircraft carrier ready for launch by catapult.	To remove, or attempt to remove, a stain.	To retouch a photograph on film to remove minor flaws.	To see, find; to pick out, notice, locate, distinguish or identify.	To stain; to blemish; to taint; to disgrace; to tarnish, as reputation.	To stain; to leave a spot (on).	To support or assist a maneuver, or to be prepared to assist if safety dictates.
spot	adj	Available on the spot; for immediate payment or delivery.
shot	adj	Discharged, cleared, or rid of something.	Tired, weary.	Worn out or broken.	Woven from warp and weft strands of different colours, resulting in an iridescent appearance.
shot	verb	To feed small shot to (a horse), as a fraudulent means of disguising broken-windedness.	To load (a gun) with shot.	To sell illegal drugs; to deal.	simple past and past participle of shoot
shot	noun	A cast of one or more nets.	A charge to be paid, a scot or shout.	A home run that scores one, two, or three runs (a four run home run is usually referred to as a grand slam).	A measure of alcohol, usually spirits, as taken either from a shot-glass or directly from the bottle, equivalent to about 44 milliliters or 1.5 ounces. ("pony shot"= 30 milliliters; 1 fluid ounce)	A place or spot for setting nets.	A punch or other physical blow.	A reckoning, a share of a tavern bill, etc.	A remark or comment, especially one which is critical or insulting.	A single draft or catch of fish made.	A single serving of espresso.	A single snapshot or an unbroken sequence of photographic film exposures, or the digital equivalent; an unedited sequence of frames.	A vaccination or injection.	An opportunity or attempt.	Metal or stone balls (or similar), not necessarily small, used as ammunition.	Small metal balls, or other hard objects of various shapes, used as ammunition, especially in shotgun shells or artillery shells.	Someone who shoots (a gun, longbow, etc.); a person reckoned as to their aim.	The act of launching a ball or similar object toward a goal.	The athletics event of shot put.	The heavy iron ball used for the shot put.	The result of launching a projectile or bullet.	Written documentation of a behavior infraction.
shot	intj	An expression of gratitude, similar to thank you.
crash	noun	A comedown from a drug.	A group of rhinoceroses.	A malfunction of computer software or hardware which causes it to shut down or become partially or totally inoperable.	A sudden decline in any living form's population levels, often leading to extinction.	A sudden large decline of business or the prices of stocks (especially one that causes additional failures).	A sudden, intense, loud sound, as made for example by cymbals.	A type of rough linen.	An automobile, airplane, or other vehicle accident.
crash	adj	Quick, fast, intensive, impromptu.
crash	verb	Ellipsis of gatecrash.	To accelerate a project or a task or its schedule by devoting more resources to it.	To cause an exception that terminates or halts execution.	To cause something to collide with something else, especially when this results in damage.	To collide with something destructively; to fall or come down violently.	To experience a period of depression and/or lethargy after a period of euphoria, as after the euphoric effect of a psychotropic drug has dissipated.	To give, as a favor.	To hit or strike with force.	To lie down for a long rest, sleep or nap, as from tiredness or exhaustion.	To make a sudden loud noise.	To make or experience informal temporary living arrangements, especially overnight.	To take a subject at higher level without having previously studied it.	To take a sudden and severe turn for the worse; to rapidly and catastrophically deteriorate.	To terminate or halt execution due to an exception.
relax	verb	To become less severe or tense.	To become loose.	To become more lenient.	To make something (such as codes and regulations) more lenient.	To make something less severe or tense.	To make something loose.	To relieve (someone or someone's mind) of stress; to enable to rest; to calm down.	To relieve from constipation; to loosen; to open.	To rest and become relieved of stress.
goodbye	intj	Farewell; a formula used to another person or persons when the speaker, writer, or person addressed is departing.
goodbye	noun	An utterance of goodbye, the wishing of farewell to someone.
goodbye	verb	To say goodbye; to wish somebody farewell on parting.
battle	noun	A contest, a struggle.	A division of an army; a battalion.	A general action, fight, or encounter, in which all the divisions of an army are or may be engaged; a combat, an engagement.	A one-on-one competition in rapping or breakdance.	Clipping of battle buddy.	The main body of an army, as distinct from the vanguard and rear; the battalia.
battle	verb	To feed or nourish (someone or something).	To fight or struggle; to enter into a battle with.	To join in battle; to contend in fight	To render (land, soil, etc.) fertile or fruitful.
battle	adj	Of grass or pasture: nutritious to cattle or sheep; fattening, nourishing.	Of land (originally pastureland) or soil: fertile, fruitful.
document	noun	A file that contains text.	An example for instruction or warning.	An object conveying information by whatever means, capable of being indexed alongside other similar objects.	An original or official paper used as the basis, proof, or support of anything else, including any writing, book, or other instrument conveying information pertinent to such proof or support.	Any material substance on which the information is represented by writing.	That which is taught or authoritatively set forth; precept; instruction; dogma.
document	verb	To furnish with documents or papers necessary to establish facts or give information.	To record in documents.
friendly	adj	Being or relating to two or more natural numbers with a common abundancy.	Compatible with, or not damaging to (the compounded noun).	Generally warm, approachable and easy to relate with in character.	Having an easy or accepting relationship with something.	Inviting, characteristic of friendliness.	Of or pertaining to friendlies (friendly noun sense 2, below). Also applied to other bipolar confrontations, such as team sports.	Promoting the good of any person; favourable; propitious.	Without any hostility.
friendly	noun	A game which is of no consequence in terms of ranking, betting, etc.	A person or entity on the same side as one's own in a conflict.
friendly	adv	In a friendly manner; like a friend.
pool	noun	A combination of persons contributing money to be used for the purpose of increasing or depressing the market price of stocks, grain, or other commodities; also, the aggregate of the sums so contributed.	A cue sport played on a pool table. There are 15 balls, 7 of one colour or solids, 7 of another color or stripes, and the black ball (also called the 8 ball). A player must pocket all their own colour balls and then the black ball in order to win.	A game at billiards, in which each of the players stakes a certain sum, the winner taking the whole; also, in public billiard rooms, a game in which the loser pays the entrance fee for all who engage in the game.	A group of fencers taking part in a competition.	A localized glow of light.	A mutual arrangement between competing lines, by which the receipts of all are aggregated, and then distributed pro rata according to agreement.	A number of people when considered as a resource.	A set of players in quadrille etc.	A set of resources that are kept ready to use.	A set of teams playing each other in the same division, while not during the same period playing any teams that belong to other sets in the division.	A small amount of liquid on a surface.	A small and rather deep area of (usually) fresh water, as one supplied by a spring, or occurring in the course of a stream or river; a reservoir for water.	A supply of resources.	An aggregation of properties or rights, belonging to different people in a community, in a common fund, to be charged with common liabilities.	Any gambling or commercial venture in which several persons join.	Any small body of standing or stagnant water; a puddle.	Ellipsis of swimming pool.	In rifle shooting, a contest in which each competitor pays a certain sum for every shot he makes, the net proceeds being divided among the winners.	The stake played for in certain games of cards, billiards, etc.; an aggregated stake to which each player has contributed a share; also, the receptacle for the stakes.
pool	verb	To combine or contribute with others, as for a commercial, speculative, or gambling transaction.	To form a pool.	To put together; contribute to a common fund, on the basis of a mutual division of profits or losses; to make a common interest of.
tend	verb	To accompany as an assistant or protector; to care for the wants of; to look after; to watch; to guard.	To await; to expect.	To be attentive to; to note carefully; to attend to.	To be likely, or probable to do something, or to have a certain habit or leaning.	To contribute to or toward some outcome.	To kindle; ignite; set on fire; light; inflame; burn.	To look after (e.g. an ill person.)	To make a tender of; to offer or tender.	To manage (an anchored vessel) when the tide turns, to prevent it from entangling the cable when swinging.	To wait (upon), as attendants or servants; to serve; to attend.
license	noun	A legal document giving official permission to do something; a permit.	Ellipsis of driver's license.	Excessive freedom; lack of due restraint.	Freedom to deviate deliberately from normally applicable rules or practices (especially in behaviour or speech).	The legal terms under which a person is allowed to use a product, especially software.
license	verb	(applied to a piece of intellectual property)	To acquire authorization to use, usually in exchange for compensation.	To authorize officially.	To give formal authorization to use.	To give permission or freedom to; accept.	To permit (as grammatically correct).
social	adj	Being extroverted or outgoing.	Cooperating or growing in groups.	Of or relating to society.	Relating to a nation's allies.	Relating to social media or social networks.
social	noun	A dance held to raise money, often held for a couple to be married.	A dinner dance event, usually held annually by a company or sporting club.	A festive gathering to foster introductions.	A social media account; the username or handle thereof, or a link thereto.	Ellipsis of social media.	Ellipsis of social security number.	Ellipsis of social security.	Ellipsis of social studies.
major	adj	(of a key) Based on a major scale, tending to produce a bright or joyful effect.	Bell changes rung on eight bells.	Containing the major term in a categorical syllogism. (of a premise)	Equivalent to that between the tonic and another note of a major scale, and greater by a semitone than the corresponding minor interval. (of an interval)	Greater in dignity, rank, importance, significance, or interest.	Greater in number, quantity, or extent.	Having a major third above the root.	Having intervals of a semitone between the third and fourth, and seventh and eighth degrees. (of a scale)	Indicating the elder of two brothers (or the eldest of three), appended to a surname in public schools.	Involving great risk, serious, life-threatening.	Notable or conspicuous in effect or scope.	Occurring as the predicate in the conclusion of a categorical syllogism. (of a term)	Of full legal age, having attained majority.	Of or relating to a subject of academic study chosen as a field of specialization.	Prominent or significant in size, amount, or degree.
major	noun	A goal.	A large leaf-cutter ant that acts as a soldier, defending the nest.	A large, commercially successful company, especially a record label that is bigger than an indie.	A person of legal age.	A rank of officer in the army and the US air force, between captain and lieutenant colonel.	A student at a college or university specializing on a given area of study.	A system of change-ringing using eight bells.	A touchdown, or major score.	Alternative form of mayor and mair.	An elder brother (especially at a public school).	An officer in charge of a section of band instruments, used with a modifier.	Ellipsis of major interval.	Ellipsis of major key.	Ellipsis of major premise.	Ellipsis of major scale.	Ellipsis of major suit.	Ellipsis of major term.	The principal subject or course of a student working toward a degree at a college or university.
major	verb	Used in a phrasal verb: major in.
Jim	name	A diminutive of the male given name James.
anxious	adj	Accompanied with, or causing, anxiety; worrying.	Earnestly desirous.	Having a feeling of anxiety or disquietude; extremely concerned, especially about something that will happen in the future or that is unknown.	Nervous and worried.
usual	adj	Most commonly occurring; typical.
usual	noun	A specific good or service (e.g. a drink) that someone typically orders.	The typical state of something, or something that is typical.
golf	noun	A ball game played by individuals competing against one another in which the object is to hit a ball into each of a series of (usually 18 or nine) holes in the minimum number of strokes.	alternative letter-case form of Golf from the NATO/ICAO Phonetic Alphabet.
golf	verb	To play the game of golf.	To write something in as few characters as possible (e.g. in code golf, regex golf)
100		
describe	verb	To distribute into parts, groups, or classes; to mark off; to class.	To give rise to a geometrical structure.	To introduce a new taxon to science by explaining its characteristics and particularly how it differs from other taxa.	To represent by drawing; to draw a plan of; to delineate; to trace or mark out.	To represent in words.
affair	noun	A material object (vaguely designated).	A party or social gathering, especially of a formal nature.	A person with whom someone has an adulterous relationship.	An action or engagement not of sufficient magnitude to be called a battle.	An adulterous relationship, chiefly of a married person. (from affaire de cœur, affair of the heart).	An otherwise illicit romantic relationship, such as with someone who is not one's regular partner (boyfriend, girlfriend).	Any proceeding or action which it is wished to refer to or characterize vaguely.	Something which is done or is to be done; business of any kind, commercial, professional, or public.	The (male or female) genitals.
settle	verb	In particular, to establish in life; to fix in business, in a home, etc.	In particular, to establish in pastoral office; to ordain or install as pastor or rector of a church, society, or parish.	In particular, to terminate (a lawsuit), usually out of court, by agreement of all parties.	Of an animal: to make or become pregnant.	To adjust differences or accounts; to come to an agreement on matters in dispute.	To be established in a profession or in employment.	To become calm, quiet, or orderly; to stop being agitated.	To become clear due to the sinking of sediment. (Used especially of liquid. Also used figuratively.)	To become compact due to sinking.	To become firm, dry, and hard, like the ground after the effects of rain or frost have disappeared.	To become married, or a householder.	To become stationary or fixed; to come to rest.	To bring or restore (ground, roads, etc) to a smooth, dry, or passable condition.	To cause to no longer be in a disturbed, confused or stormy; to quiet; to calm (nerves, waters, a boisterous or rebellious child, etc).	To cause to sink down or to be deposited (dregs, sediment, etc).	To clear or purify (a liquid) of dregs and impurities by causing them to sink.	To close, liquidate or balance (an account) by payment, sometimes of less than is owed or due.	To colonize (an area); to migrate to (a land, territory, site, etc).	To conclude a lawsuit by agreement of the parties rather than a decision of a court.	To conclude or resolve (something):	To conclude, to cause (a dispute) to finish.	To determine (something which was exposed to doubt or question); to resolve conclusively; to set or fix (a time, an order of succession, etc).	To establish or become established in a steady position:	To fix one's residence in a place; to establish a dwelling place, home, or colony. (Compare settle down.)	To formally, legally secure (an annuity, property, title, etc) on (a person).	To kill.	To make a jointure for a spouse.	To move (people) to (a land or territory), so as to colonize it; to cause (people) to take residence in (a place).	To pay (a bill).	To place in(to) a fixed or permanent condition or position or on(to) a permanent basis; to make firm, steady, or stable; to establish or fix.	To place or arrange in(to) a desired (especially: calm) state, or make final disposition of (something).	To put into (proper) place; to make sit or lie properly.	To render compact or solid; to cause to become packed down.	To silence, especially by force.	To sink gradually to a lower level; to subside, for example the foundation of a house, etc.	To sink to the bottom of a body of liquid, as dregs of a liquid, or the sediment of a reservoir.	To sink, or cause (something, or impurities within it) to sink down, especially so as to become clear or compact.
settle	noun	A long bench with a high back and arms, often with chest or storage space underneath.	A place made lower than the rest; a wide step or platform lower than some other part. (Compare a depression.)	A seat of any kind.
US	name	Initialism of Upper Sorbian.	Initialism of the United States: a country in North America.
US	noun	Initialism of ultrasonography (ultrasound).	Initialism of unconditioned stimulus.
US	adj	Abbreviation of undersize.	Abbreviation of unserviceable.
successful	adj	Resulting in success; assuring, or promoting, success; accomplishing what was proposed; having the desired effect
error	noun	A failure to complete a task, usually involving a premature termination.	A mistake; an accidental wrong action or a false statement not made deliberately.	A play which is scored as having been made incorrectly.	An unintentional deviation from the inherent rules of a language variety made by a second language learner.	Any alteration in the DNA chemical structure occurring during DNA replication, recombination or repairing.	One or more mistakes in a trial that could be grounds for review of the judgement.	Sin; transgression.	The difference between a measured or calculated value and a true one.	The state, quality, or condition of being wrong.
error	verb	To err.	To function improperly due to an error, especially accompanied by error message.	To show or contain an error or fault.
audience	noun	A following.	A formal meeting with a state or religious dignitary.	A group of people within hearing; specifically, a large gathering of people listening to or watching a performance, speech, etc.	A widespread or nationwide viewing or listening public, as of a TV or radio network or program.	An audiencia (judicial court of the Spanish empire), or the territory administered by it.	Hearing; the condition or state of hearing or listening.	The readership of a book or other written publication.
lazy	adj	Causing or characterised by idleness; relaxed or leisurely.	Droopy.	Employing lazy evaluation; not calculating results until they are immediately required.	Lax:	Of an eye, squinting because of a weakness of the eye muscles.	Showing a lack of effort or care.	Sluggish; slow-moving.	Turned so that (the letter) is horizontal instead of vertical.	Unwilling to do work or make an effort; disinclined to exertion.	Wicked; vicious.
lazy	verb	To laze, act in a lazy manner.
lazy	noun	A lazy person.	Sloth (animal).
apart	adv	In or into two or more parts.	Placed separately (in regard to space or time).	Separately, exclusively, not together.	To the side; aside.
apart	postp	Excluded from consideration.
apart	adj	Exceptional, distinct.	Having been taken apart; disassembled, in pieces.	Separate, on the side.
apart	noun	Misspelling of a part.
evidence	noun	A body of objectively verifiable facts that are positively indicative of, and/or exclusively concordant with, that one conclusion over any other.	Anything admitted by a court to prove or disprove alleged matters of fact in a trial.	Facts or observations presented in support of an assertion.	One who bears witness.
evidence	verb	To provide evidence for, or suggest the truth of.
debt	noun	An action at law to recover a certain specified sum of money alleged to be due	An action, state of mind, or object one has an obligation to perform for another, adopt toward another, or give to another.	Money that one person or entity owes or is required to pay to another, generally as a result of a loan or other financial transaction.	The state or condition of owing something to another.
mark	noun	A boundary-post or fence.	A boundary; a border or frontier.	A catch of the ball directly from a kick of 10 metres or more without having been touched in transit, resulting in a free kick.	A characteristic feature.	A characteristic or essential attribute; a differential.	A common, or area of common land, especially among early Germanic peoples.	A former currency of Germany and West Germany.	A half pound, a former English and Scottish currency equivalent to 13 shillings and fourpence and notionally equivalent to a mark of sterling silver.	A half pound, a traditional unit of mass equivalent to 226.8 g.	A particular design or make of an item (now usually with following numeral).	A score for a sporting achievement.	A score for finding the correct answer, or other academic achievement; the sum of such points gained as out of a possible total.	A sign or brand on a person.	A specified level on a scale denoting gas-powered oven temperatures.	A stamp or other indication of provenance, quality etc.	A stone or post used to indicate position and guide travellers.	A target for shooting at with a projectile.	A type of small region or principality.	A visible impression or sign; a blemish, scratch, or stain, whether accidental or intentional.	A written character or sign.	An indication or sign used for reference or measurement.	An official note that is added to a record kept about someone's behavior or performance.	An omen; a symptomatic indicator of something.	Attention, notice.	Attention.	Badge or sign of honour, rank, or official station.	Boundary, land within a boundary.	Characteristic, sign, visible impression.	Condescending label of a wrestling fan who refuses to believe that pro wrestling is predetermined and/or choreographed.	Importance, noteworthiness. (Generally in postmodifier “of mark”.)	Indicator of position, objective etc.	Limit or standard of action or fact.	One of the bits of leather or coloured bunting placed upon a sounding line at intervals of from two to five fathoms. (The unmarked fathoms are called "deeps".)	Other similar currencies notionally equal to a mark of silver or gold.	Preeminence; high position.	Regard; respect.	Resemblance, likeness, image.	Similar half-pound units in other measurement systems, chiefly used for gold and silver.	The female genitals.	The line indicating an athlete's starting-point.	The model number of a device; a device model.	The target or intended victim of a swindle, fixed game or con game; a gullible person.
mark	verb	Alternative form of march.	To assign (someone) to a particular category or class.	To be a point in time or space at which something takes place; to accompany or be accompanied by (an event, action, etc.); to coincide with.	To be an indication of (something); to show where (something) is located.	To be typical or characteristic of (something).	To become aware of (something) through the physical senses.	To catch the ball directly from a kick of 15 metres or more without having been touched in transit, resulting in a free kick.	To celebrate or acknowledge (an event) through an action of some kind.	To choose or intend (someone) for a particular end or purpose.	To create (a mark) on a surface.	To create an indication of (a location).	To distinguish (one person or thing from another).	To focus one's attention on (something or someone); to pay attention to, to take note of.	To follow a player not in possession of the ball when defending, to prevent them receiving a pass easily.	To have a long-lasting negative impact on (someone or something).	To hold (someone) in one's line of sight.	To identify (someone as a particular type of person or as having a particular role).	To indicate (something) in writing or by other symbols.	To indicate the correctness of and give a score to (a school assignment, exam answers, etc.).	To keep account of; to enumerate and register; to keep score.	To leave a mark (often an undesirable or unwanted one) on (something).	To put a mark on (something); to make (something) recognizable by a mark; to label or write on (something).	To put a marker in the place of one's ball.	To record that (someone) has a particular status.	To sing softly, sometimes an octave lower than usual, in order to protect one's voice during a rehearsal.
economy	noun	A system of rules, regulations, rites and ceremonies.	Effective management of a community or system, or especially its resources.	Frugal use of resources.	Management of one’s residency.	System of management; general regulation and disposition of the affairs of a state or nation, or of any department of government.	The disposition or arrangement of any work.	The method of divine government of the world. (See Economy (religion) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia.)	The part of a commercial passenger airplane or train reserved for those paying the lower standard fares; economy class.	The regular operation of nature in the generation, nutrition and preservation of animals or plants.	The study of money, currency and trade, and the efficient use of resources.	The system of production and distribution and consumption. The overall measure of a currency system; as the national economy.
economy	adj	Cheap to run; using minimal resources; representing good value for money; economical.
economy	adv	In or via the part of a commercial passenger airplane reserved for those paying the lower standard fares.
awake	adj	Alert, aware.	Not asleep; conscious.
awake	verb	To become conscious after having slept.	To cause (somebody) to stop sleeping.	To come out of a state of inaction or dormancy.	To excite or to stir up something latent.	To make aware of something.	To rouse from a state of inaction or dormancy.
obviously	adv	In an obvious or clearly apparent manner.	Used as a filler word, or to introduce information even when not obvious.
math	noun	A math course or class.	A mowing; what is gathered from mowing.	Arithmetic calculations; (see do the math).	Clipping of matha.	Clipping of mathematics.
math	verb	To add up, compute; (by extension) to make sense.	To perform mathematical calculations or mathematical analysis; to do math
diet	noun	A clerical or ecclesiastical function in Scotland.	A controlled regimen of food and drink choices, as to gain or lose weight or otherwise influence health.	A council or assembly of leaders; a formal deliberative assembly.	A criminal proceeding in court.	A session of exams	Any habitual intake or consumption.	The food and beverage a person or animal consumes.
diet	adj	Containing less fat, salt, sugar, or calories than normal, or claimed to have such.	Having certain traits subtracted.
diet	verb	To cause to take food; to feed.	To eat; to take one's meals.	To modify one's food and beverage intake so as to decrease or increase body weight or influence health.	To regulate the food of (someone); to put on a diet.
customer	noun	A habitual patron, regular purchaser, returning client; a person or company who has a custom of buying from a particular business.	A native official who exacted customs duties.	A patron, a client; a person or company who purchases or receives a product or service from a business or merchant, or intends to do so.	A person, especially one engaging in some sort of interaction with others.
Internet	name	The global community of individuals communicating via the Internet.	The global, decentralized network of computers which communicate with one another using the Internet protocol suite, which now forms a vital part of global communication, content sharing, and information exchange systems.
dare	verb	To defy or challenge (someone to do something).	To drive larks to the ground by scaring them (for instance, with mirrors or hawks) so they can be caught in nets.	To have enough courage (to do something).	To have enough courage to meet or do something, go somewhere, etc.; to face up to.	To lie or crouch down in fear.	To stare stupidly or vacantly; to gaze as though amazed or terrified.	To terrify; to daunt.
dare	noun	A challenge to prove courage.	A small fish, the dace	Defiance; challenge.	In the game truth or dare, the choice to perform a dare set by the other players.	The quality of daring; venturesomeness; boldness.
suggestion	noun	Information, insinuation, speculation, as opposed to a sworn testimony and evidence.	Something implied, which the mind is liable to take as fact.	Something suggested (with subsequent adposition being for)	The act of exercising control over a hypnotised subject by communicating some belief or impulse by means of words or gestures; the idea so suggested.	The act of suggesting.
theater	noun	A cinema.	A conspicuous but unproductive display of action.	A lecture theatre.	A place or building, consisting of a stage and seating, in which an audience gathers to watch plays, musical performances, public ceremonies, and so on.	A region where a particular action takes place; a specific field of action, usually with reference to war.	An operating theatre or locale for human experimentation.	Any place rising by steps like the seats of a theater.	Drama or performance as a profession or art form.
bake	verb	To be cooked in an oven.	To be hot.	To be warmed to drying and hardening.	To cause to be hot.	To cook (something) in an oven (for someone).	To dry by heat.	To fix (lighting, reflections, etc.) as part of the texture of an object to improve rendering performance.	To harden by cold.	To incorporate into something greater.	To smoke marijuana.
bake	noun	A small, flat (or ball-shaped) cake of dough eaten mainly in Barbados, similar in appearance and ingredients to a pancake but fried (or sometimes roasted).	A social event at which food (such as seafood) is baked, or at which baked food is served.	Any food item that is baked, such as a pastry.	Any of various baked dishes resembling casserole.	The act of cooking food by baking.
grab	verb	To consume something quickly.	To grip suddenly; to seize; to clutch.	To grip the attention of; to enthrall or interest.	To make a sudden grasping or clutching motion (at something).	To quickly collect, retrieve, or take.	To restrain someone; to arrest.	To take the opportunity of.
grab	noun	A device for withdrawing drills, etc., from artesian and other wells that are drilled, bored, or driven.	A mechanical device that grabs or clutches.	A simple card game.	A sound bite.	A sudden snatch at something.	A two- or three-masted vessel used on the Malabar coast.	An acquisition by violent or unjust means.	That which is seized.	The rescue of a person from a burning structure.
joy	noun	A feeling of extreme happiness or cheerfulness, especially related to the acquisition or expectation of something good.	Anything that causes such a feeling.	Luck or success; a positive outcome.	The sign or exhibition of joy; gaiety; merriment; festivity.
joy	intj	Expressing appreciation and happiness.
joy	verb	To enjoy.	To feel joy, to rejoice.	To give joy to; to congratulate.	To gladden; to make joyful; to exhilarate.
Earth	name	The personification of the Earth or earth, (chiefly) as a fertile woman or (religion) goddess.	The third planet of the Solar System; the world upon which humans live.
5	noun	Clipping of 540 (“540° spin”).
cigarette	noun	A small cigar consisting of tobacco or another substance, wrapped up in a thin roll with paper, intended for smoking.
cigarette	verb	To give someone a cigarette, or to light one for them.
fortune	noun	A large amount of money.	A prediction or set of predictions about a person's future provided by a fortune teller.	A small slip of paper with wise or vaguely prophetic words printed on it, baked into a fortune cookie.	Destiny, especially favorable.	Good luck.	One's wealth; the amount of money one has, especially if it is vast.	The arrival of something in a sudden or unexpected manner; chance; accident.
fortune	verb	To happen, to take place.	To provide (someone) with a fortune.	To tell the fortune of (someone); to presage.
pack	noun	A bundle made up and prepared to be carried; especially, a bundle to be carried on the back, but also a load for an animal, a bale.	A bundle of sheet iron plates for rolling simultaneously.	A flock of knots.	A full set of playing cards	A group of Cub Scouts.	A group of hounds or dogs, hunting or kept together.	A group of people associated or leagued in a bad design or practice; a gang.	A large area of floating pieces of ice driven together more or less closely.	A loose, lewd, or worthless person.	A multitude.	A number or quantity equal to the contents of a pack	A number or quantity of connected or similar things; a collective.	A package of cigarettes.	A shook of cask staves.	A tight group of object balls in cue sports. Usually the reds in snooker.	A wolfpack: a number of wolves, hunting together.	An envelope, or wrapping, of sheets used in hydropathic practice, called dry pack, wet pack, cold pack, etc., according to the method of treatment.	The assortment of playing cards used in a particular game.	The forwards in a rugby team (eight in Rugby Union, six in Rugby League) who with the opposing pack constitute the scrum.	The largest group of blockers from both teams skating in close proximity.
pack	verb	To block a shot, especially in basketball.	To bring together or make up unfairly, in order to secure a certain result.	To carry weapons, especially firearms, on one's person.	To cause to go; to send away with baggage or belongings; especially, to send away peremptorily or suddenly; – sometimes with off. See pack off.	To cheat.	To combine (telegraph messages) in order to send them more cheaply as a single transmission.	To contrive unfairly or fraudulently; to plot.	To depart in haste; – generally with off or away.	To fill in the manner of a pack, that is, compactly and securely, as for transportation; hence, to fill closely or to repletion; to stow away within; to cause to be full; to crowd into.	To form a compact mass, especially in order for transportation.	To gather together in flocks, herds, schools or similar groups of animals.	To have a large penis, as if carrying a large weapon on one's person.	To load with a pack.	To load; to encumber.	To make a pack of; to arrange closely and securely in a pack; hence, to place and arrange compactly as in a pack	To make impervious, such as by filling or surrounding with suitable material, or to fit or adjust so as to move without allowing air, water, or steam inside.	To make up packs, bales, or bundles; to stow articles securely for transportation.	To move, send or carry.	To play together cohesively, specially with reference to technique in the scrum.	To put or bring things together in a limited or confined space, especially for storage or transport.	To put together for morally wrong purposes; to join in cahoots.	To sort and arrange (the cards) in the pack to give oneself an unfair advantage	To transport in a pack, or in the manner of a pack (on the backs of men or animals).	To wear an object, such as a prosthetic penis, inside one’s trousers to appear more male or masculine.	To wrap in a wet or dry sheet, within numerous coverings.
contain	verb	To have as an element or subset.	To hold inside.	To include as a part.	To put constraints upon; to restrain; to confine; to keep within bounds.	To restrain desire; to live in continence or chastity.
shape	noun	A graphical representation of an object's form or its external boundary, outline, or external surface.	A loaded die.	A mould for making blancmange, jelly, etc., or a piece of such food formed moulded into a particular shape.	A piece which has been roughly forged nearly to the form it will receive when completely forged or fitted.	A rolled or hammered piece, such as a bar, beam, angle iron, etc., having a cross section different from merchant bar.	Condition of personal health, especially muscular health.	Form; formation.	In the Hack programming language, a group of data fields each of which has a name and a data type.	The status or condition of something
shape	verb	To create or make.	To form or manipulate something into a certain shape.	To give influence to.	To give something a shape and definition.	To imagine; to conceive.	To suit; to be adjusted or conformable.
unhappy	adj	Not happy; sad.	Not lucky; unlucky.	Not satisfied; unsatisfied.	Not suitable; unsuitable.
unhappy	noun	A person who is not happy.
unhappy	verb	To make or become unhappy; to sadden.
freedom	noun	Frankness; openness; unreservedness.	Improper familiarity; violation of the rules of decorum.	The lack of a specific constraint, or of constraints in general; a state of being free, unconstrained.	The right or privilege of unrestricted use or access	The state of being free.
potato	noun	A camera that takes poor-quality pictures.	A conspicuous hole in a sock or stocking.	A mentally handicapped person.	A person or animal shaped like a potato, that is, with a large belly and/or short legs.	A sweet potato (Ipomoea batatas)	An underpowered computer or other device, especially when small in size.	Metaphor for a person or thing of little value.	Solanum tuberosum or its edible starchy tuber.
potato	verb	To hit very hard; to pummel.	To hit with a thrown or fired potato.
potato	intj	The rhythmic sound produced by a V-twin engine—a distinctive deep, throaty exhaust note.
repeat	verb	To call in a previous artillery fire mission with the same ammunition and method either on the coordinates or adjusted either because destruction of the target was insufficient or missed.	To commit fraud in an election by voting more than once for the same candidate.	To do or say again (and again).	To echo the words of (a person).	To happen again; recur.	To make trial of again; to undergo or encounter again.	To refill (a prescription).	To repay or refund (an excess received).	To strike the hours, as a watch does.
repeat	noun	A mark in music notation directing a part to be repeated.	A pattern of nucleic acids that occur in multiple copies throughout a genome (or of amino acids in a protein).	A refill of a prescription.	A television program shown after its initial presentation; a rerun.	An iteration; a repetition.
method	noun	A process by which a task is completed; a way of doing something (followed by the adposition of, to or for before the purpose of the process).	A subroutine or function belonging to a class or object.	A technique for acting based on the ideas articulated by Konstantin Stanislavski and focusing on authentically experiencing the inner life of the character being portrayed.	An instruction book systematically arranged.	Ellipsis of method air.	Marijuana.	Systematicity, methodicalness, intentionality, order
method	verb	To apply a method to.	To apply particular treatment methods to (a mold).
similar	adj	Having the same shape, in particular, having corresponding angles equal and corresponding line segments proportional.	Having traits or characteristics in common; alike, allied, comparable.	Of two square matrices; being such that a conjugation sends one matrix to the other.
similar	noun	A material that produces an effect that resembles the symptoms of a particular disease.	That which is similar to, or resembles, something else, as in quality, form, etc.
hall	noun	A building providing student accommodation at a university.	A college's canteen, which is often but not always coterminous with a traditional hall.	A corridor; a hallway.	A large meeting room.	A living room.	A manor house (originally because a magistrate's court was held in the hall of his mansion).	A meal served and eaten at a college's hall.	A place for special professional education, or for conferring professional degrees or licences.	Cleared passageway through a crowd, as for dancing.	The principal room of a secular medieval building.
mood	noun	A disposition to do something, a state of mind receptive or disposed to do something.	A familiar, relatable feeling, experience, or thing.	A mental or emotional state, composure.	A prevalent atmosphere, attitude, or feeling.	A sullen, gloomy or angry mental state; a bad mood.	A verb form that depends on how its containing clause relates to the speaker’s or writer’s wish, intent, or assertion about reality.	Emotional character (of a work of music, literature, or other art).
mood	intj	Used to express that the speaker finds something very relatable.
totally	adv	Definitely; for sure.	To the fullest extent or degree.	Very; extremely.
burst	verb	To break from internal pressure.	To cause to break by any means.	To cause to break from internal pressure.	To enter or exit hurriedly and unexpectedly.	To erupt; to change state suddenly as if bursting.	To interrupt suddenly in a violent or explosive manner; to shatter.	To produce as an effect of bursting.	To separate (printer paper) at perforation lines.
burst	noun	A drinking spree.	A series of shots fired from an automatic firearm.	A sudden, often intense, expression, manifestation or display.	An act or instance of bursting.	The explosion of a bomb or missile.
familiar	adj	Acquainted.	Intimate or friendly.	Known to one, or generally known; commonplace.	Of or pertaining to a family; familial.
familiar	noun	A close friend.	A member of a pope's or bishop's household.	A member of one's family or household.	An attendant spirit, often in animal or demon form.	The officer of the Inquisition who arrested suspected people.
Italy	name	A country in Southern Europe. Official names: Italian Republic and Republic of Italy. Capital and largest city: Rome.	Synonym of Apennine Peninsula.
political	adj	Concerning a polity or its administrative components.	Concerning or relating to politics, the art and process of governing.	Interested in politics.	Motivated, especially inappropriately, by political (electoral; or, more generally, power, standing, influence or conflict) calculation.	Of or relating to views about social relationships that involve power, standing, influence or conflict.
political	noun	A political agent or officer.	A political prisoner.	A publication focusing on politics.
video	noun	A motion picture stored on VHS or some other format.	A short film clip, with or without audio (as in a music video, or one of the plethora of user-generated short movies on sites such as YouTube).	Television, a television show, or a movie.	VHS.
video	verb	To record a television program	To record using a video camera, to videotape	To visually record (activity, or a motion picture) in general, with or without sound.
policy	noun	A contract of insurance.	A document containing or certifying this contract.	A document describing such a policy.	A number pool lottery	A principle of behaviour, conduct which an entity (government, organization, etc.) applies or seeks to follow, especially as formally expressed by an authoritative body.	A set political system; civil administration.	A state; a polity.	A trick; a stratagem.	An illegal daily lottery in late nineteenth and early twentieth century USA on numbers drawn from a lottery wheel (no plural)	Motive; object; inducement.	Specifically, political shrewdness or (formerly) cunning; statecraft.	The art of governance; political science.	The grounds of a large country house.	Wise, advantageous, or politic conduct; prudence, formerly also with connotations of craftiness.
policy	verb	To regulate by laws; to reduce to order.
model	noun	A person who serves as a human template for artwork or fashion.	A person, usually an attractive male or female, who is hired to show items or goods to the public, such as items that are given away as prizes on a TV game show.	A representation of a physical object.	A simulation used to analyze the workings of a real world system or event.	A style, type, or design.	A successful example to be copied, with or without modifications.	An interpretation function which assigns a truth value to each atomic proposition.	An interpretation which makes a set of sentences true, in which case that interpretation is called a model of that set.	An organism or species that is used to study an aspect of physiology or pathophysiology or a particular disease; often, a nonhuman one used to approximate processes in humans.	Any copy, or resemblance, more or less exact.	In software applications using the model-view-controller design pattern, the part or parts of the application that manage the data.	The structural design of a complex system.
model	adj	Worthy of being a model; exemplary.
model	verb	To create from a substance such as clay.	To devise a model of (some original), especially to better understand or forecast the original.	To make a miniature model of.	To make a model or models.	To work as a model in art or fashion.	to display an item on one's body for others to see the potential effect on their own bodies, especially in regard to wearing clothing while performing the role of a fashion model
20		
unfortunately	adv	Happening through bad luck, or because of some unfortunate event.	Used (as a parenthetical word, often a sentence adverb) to express disappointment, compassion, sorrow, regret, or grief.
gentleman	noun	A man of gentle but not noble birth, particularly a man of means (originally ownership of property) who does not work for a living but has no official status in a peerage; (UK law) an armigerous man ranking below a knight.	An amateur or dabbler in any field, particularly those of independent means.	An amateur player, particularly one whose wealth permits him to forego payment.	An effeminate or oversophisticated man.	Any man.	Any well-bred, well-mannered, or charming man.
election	noun	A process of choosing a leader, members of parliament, councillors, or other representatives by popular vote.	An option that is selected.	Any conscious choice.	In Calvinism, God's predestination of saints including all of the elect.	The choice of a leader or representative by popular vote.	Those who are elected.
scene	noun	A combination of objects or events in view or happening at a given moment at a particular place.	A fantasy that is acted out.	A landscape, or part of a landscape; scenery.	A part of a dramatic work that is set in the same place or time. In the theatre, generally a number of scenes constitute an act.	A social environment consisting of an informal, vague group of people with a uniting interest; their sphere of activity; a subculture.	A youth subculture popular in the Anglosphere in the 2000s and early 2010s.	An element of fiction writing.	An exhibition of passionate or strong feeling before others, creating embarrassment or disruption; often, an artificial or affected action, or course of action, done for effect; a theatrical display.	The decorations; furnishings, and backgrounds of a stage, representing the place in which the action of a play is set.	The location of an event that attracts attention.	The location, time, circumstances, etc., in which something occurs, or in which the action of a story, play, or the like, is set up.	The stage.
scene	verb	To exhibit as a scene; to make a scene of; to display.	To roleplay.
scene	intj	A notice to actors that their performance has ended.
classroom	noun	A room, often in a school, where classes take place.
scientist	noun	One whose activities make use of the scientific method to answer questions regarding the measurable universe. A scientist may be involved in original research, or make use of the results of the research of others.
tom	noun	A close-stool.	A female prostitute.	A lesbian.	A tomato (the fruit).	Clipping of tom-tom.	The jack of trumps in the card game gleek.	The male of certain other animals.	The male of the domesticated cat, especially if not neutered.	The male of the orangutan.	The male of the turkey.	jewellery
tom	verb	To act in an obsequiously servile manner toward white authority.	To dig out a hole below the hatch cover of a bulker and fill it with cargo or weights to aid stability.
rid	verb	Followed by away, from, or out of: to remove (oneself or someone, or something, that is annoying, troublesome, or unwanted).	Followed by of: to deprive (oneself or someone) of something; to strip.	Followed by of: to free (oneself or someone, or a place) from an annoyance or hindrance.	Followed by up: to eradicate (something); to root out, to uproot.	Of work: to be completed.	Often followed by from, of, or out of: to free or release, or to rescue or save, (oneself or someone, or something).	Often followed by up: to put (a place, such as a room or a table) in order; to clear, to tidy.	Sometimes followed by away or off: to complete or get through (a task, or work).	Sometimes followed by away: to destroy or kill (someone).	Sometimes followed by up: to remove obstacles or refuse from (a place); to clean, to clear out; specifically, to clear or empty (the stomach).	To clear (a place or way); especially, to clear (land) of trees, undergrowth, etc.	To clear land or some other place.	To clear or empty the stomach; also, to clear the throat.	To dismiss (someone) who has attended on a person; (reflexive) to remove (oneself) from a person's presence after attending to them.	To get away from or get out of (a place); to escape.	To settle (a disagreement).	simple past and past participle of ride
rid	adj	As the second word in a compound: synonym of ridden (“full of; also, dominated, oppressed, or plagued by”).	Chiefly of a place: which has been ridded (sense 1.4.1) or cleared; rid-up.	Only in well-rid: of a horse: ridden.
rid	noun	Loose earth, rubble, etc., on the surface of a quarry which must be removed before digging can begin; rid-work.	Progress which has been made; also, speed.
concern	noun	A business, firm or enterprise; a company.	A worry; a sense that something may be wrong; an identification of a possible problem.	Any set of information that affects the code of a computer program.	That which affects one’s welfare or happiness. A matter of interest to someone.	The expression of solicitude, anxiety, or compassion toward a thing or person.	The placement of interest or worry on a subject.
concern	verb	To engage by feeling or sentiment; to interest.	To make somebody worried.	To relate or belong to; to have reference to or connection with; to affect the interest of; to be of importance to.
criminal	adj	Abhorrent or very undesirable.	Against the law; forbidden by law.	Guilty of breaking the law.	Of or relating to crime or penal law.
criminal	noun	A person who is guilty of a crime, notably breaking the law.
achieve	verb	To carry out successfully; to accomplish.	To conclude, finish, especially successfully.	To conclude, to turn out.	To obtain (a material thing).	To obtain, or gain (a desired result, objective etc.), as the result of exertion; to succeed in gaining; to win.	To succeed in something, now especially in academic performance.
picnic	noun	A cut of pork from the shoulder area (above the front leg) of a pig.	An easy or pleasant task.	An entertainment at which each person contributed some dish to a common table.	An informal social gathering, usually in a natural outdoor setting, to which the participants bring their own food and drink.	The meal eaten at such a gathering.
picnic	verb	To take part in a picnic.
yellow	intj	Used to indicate that the speaker needs a temporary break from current sexual activity.
yellow	adj	Characterized by sensationalism, lurid content, and doubtful accuracy.	Far East Asian (relating to Asian people).	Lacking courage.	Of a hue attributed to Far East Asians, especially the Chinese.	Of a yellow hue.	Of mixed Aboriginal and Caucasian ancestry.	Related to the Free Democratic Party, a political party in Germany.	Related to the Liberal Democrats.	Synonym of high yellow.
yellow	noun	A yellow card.	Any of various pierid butterflies of the subfamily Coliadinae, especially the yellow colored species. Compare sulphur.	One of the color balls used in snooker, with a value of 2 points.	One of two groups of object balls, or a ball from that group, as used in the principally British version of pool that makes use of unnumbered balls (the yellow(s) and red(s)); contrast stripes and solids in the originally American version with numbered balls).	The color of sunflower petals and lemons; the color obtained by mixing green and red light, or by subtracting blue from white light; the color evoked by light of wavelength around 580 nm; one of the three primary colors in subtractive color systems.	The mid light in a set of three traffic lights, the lighting of which indicates that drivers should stop short of the intersection if it is safe to do so.
yellow	verb	To become yellow or more yellow.	To make (something) yellow or more yellow.
simply	adv	Foolishly; stupidly.	Frankly.	In a simple way or state; considered in or by itself; without addition; alone.	Merely; solely.	Plainly; without art or subtlety	absolutely, positively.
jealous	adj	Envious; feeling resentful or angered toward someone for a perceived advantage or success, material or otherwise.	Protective; zealously guarding; careful in the protection of something (or someone) one has or appreciates, especially one's spouse or lover.	Suspecting rivalry in love; troubled by worries that one might have been replaced in someone's affections; suspicious of a lover's or spouse's fidelity.	Suspicious; apprehensive.
jealous	verb	To deliberately make (someone) jealous of another person's (often their partner's) associations with other people.	To harass or attack (somebody) out of jealousy.
cow	noun	A chimney cowl.	A chock: a wedge or brake used to stop a machine or car.	A female member of other large species of mammal, including the bovines, moose, whales, seals, hippos, rhinos, manatees, and elephants.	A fish that is very large for its species, such as a large striped bass or large bluefin tuna.	A third-year cadet at West Point.	A woman considered unpleasant in some way, particularly one considered nasty, stupid, fat, lazy, or difficult.	An adult female of the species Bos taurus, especially one that has calved.	Any bovines or bovids generally, including yaks, buffalo, etc.	Any member of the species Bos taurus that is not of a bucking breed or fighting breed, regardless of sex or age, including bulls and calves.	Beef: the meat of cattle as food.	LFBOT: Synonym of luminous fast blue optical transient.
cow	verb	To intimidate; to daunt the spirits or courage of.
intelligent	adj	Characterized by thoughtful interaction.	Having an environment-sensing automatically-invoked built-in computer capability.	Having at least a similar level of brain power to humankind.	Of high or especially quick cognitive capacity, bright.	Well thought-out, well considered.
intelligent	noun	A member of the intelligentsia; an intelligent person.
everywhere	adv	In or to a few or more locations.	In or to all locations under discussion.
everywhere	noun	All places or locations.
clever	adj	Fit and healthy; free from fatigue or illness.	Fit; suitable; having propriety.	Good-natured; obliging.	Mentally quick and resourceful; skilled at achieving what one wants in a mentally agile and inventive way.	Nimble with hands or body; dexterous; skillful; adept.	Possessing magical abilities.	Quick to understand, learn, and devise or apply ideas; intelligent.	Sane; in one's right mind.	Showing inventiveness or originality; witty.	Showing mental quickness and resourcefulness.	Smart, intelligent, or witty; mentally quick or sharp.	Well-shaped; handsome.
insist	verb	To demand continually that something happen or be done; to reiterate a demand despite requests to abandon it.	To hold up a claim emphatically.	To stand (on); to rest (upon); to lean (upon).
comfortable	adj	Amply sufficient, satisfactory.	Comforting, providing comfort; consolatory.	Confident; relaxed; not worried about someone or something.	In a state of comfort and content.	Providing physical comfort and ease; agreeable.	Serviceable; helpful.	Strong; vigorous; valiant.
comfortable	noun	A stuffed or quilted coverlet for a bed; a comforter.
rush	noun	A perfect recitation.	A person attempting to join a fraternity or sorority as part of a rush.	A rapid, noisy flow.	A regulated period of recruitment in fraternities and sororities.	A roquet in which the object ball is sent to a particular location on the lawn.	A rusher; a lineman.	A sudden attack; an onslaught.	A sudden forward motion.	A sudden, brief exhilaration, for instance the pleasurable sensation produced by a stimulant.	A surge.	A wick.	Any of several stiff plants of the genus Juncus, or the family Juncaceae, having hollow or pithy stems and small flowers, and often growing in marshes or near water.	General haste.	The act of running at another player to block or disrupt play.	The merest trifle; a straw.	The stem of such plants used in making baskets, mats, the seats of chairs, etc.	The strategy of attacking an opponent with a large swarm of weak units, rather than spending time developing their abilities.
rush	verb	To attack (an opponent) with a large swarm of units.	To attempt to join a fraternity or sorority, often involving a hazing or initiation process.	To cause to move or act with unusual haste.	To dribble rapidly.	To flow or move forward rapidly or noisily.	To hurry; to perform a task with great haste, often not properly or without thinking carefully.	To make a swift or sudden attack.	To play at a faster tempo than one is supposed to or than the other musicians one is playing with, or to inadvertently gradually increase tempo while one is playing.	To recite (a lesson) or pass (an examination) without an error.	To roquet an object ball to a particular location on the lawn.	To run directly at another player in order to block or disrupt play.	To swiftly attack without warning.	To transport or carry quickly.
rush	adj	Performed with, or requiring urgency or great haste, or done under pressure, especially if therefore done badly.
supermarket	noun	A chain of such stores.	A large self-service store that sells groceries and, usually, medications, household goods, and/or clothing.	A one-stop shop; a place offering a range of products or services.
sharp	adj	Composed of hard, angular grains; gritty.	Eager or keen in pursuit; impatient for gratification.	Exact, precise, accurate; keen.	Fierce; ardent; fiery; violent; impetuous.	Forming a small or tight angle; especially, forming an angle of less than ninety degrees.	Having a strong acrid or acidic taste.	Higher in pitch than required.	Hungry.	Illegal or dishonest.	Intelligent.	Keenly or unduly attentive to one's own interests; shrewd, verging on dishonest.	Observant; alert; acute.	Offensive, critical, or acrimonious; stern or harsh.	Piercing; keen; severe; painful.	Quick and alert.	Raised by one semitone (denoted by the symbol ♯ after the name of the note).	Said of as extreme a value as possible.	Steep; precipitous; abrupt.	Strongly distinguishing or differentiating; acute.	Stylish, smart or attractive.	Sudden, abrupt, intense, rapid.	Tactical; risky.	Terminating in a point or edge, especially one that can cut or pierce easily; not dull, obtuse, or rounded.	Uttered in a whisper, or with the breath alone; aspirated; unvoiced.
sharp	adv	Eagerly.	Exactly.	In a higher pitch than is correct or desirable.	In a sharp manner: a less usual alternative to sharply in certain senses.	Piercingly.	So as to make a sharp, or tight, angle.	To a point or edge.
sharp	noun	A dishonest person; a cheater.	A hypodermic syringe.	A note that is played one chromatic semitone higher than usual; denoted by the name of the note that is followed by the symbol ♯.	A note that is sharp in a particular key.	A scalpel or other edged instrument used in surgery.	A sewing needle with a very slender point, more pointed than a blunt or a between.	A sharp object; any item pointed enough to injure human skin.	A sharpie (member of Australian gangs of the 1960s and 1970s).	Alternative form of sharpie (“type of fishing boat”).	An expert.	Fine particles of husk mixed with coarse particle of flour of cereals; middlings.	Part of a stream where the water runs very rapidly.	Something that is sharp.	The scale having a particular sharp note as its tonic.	The symbol ♯, placed after the name of a note in the key signature or before a note on the staff to indicate that the note is to be played one chromatic semitone higher.
sharp	verb	To play tricks in bargaining; to act the sharper.	To raise the pitch of a note half a step making a natural note a sharp.	To sharpen.
exchange	noun	A conversation.	A place for conducting trading.	A telephone exchange.	An act of exchanging or trading.	Clipping of exchange of contracts.	The difference between the values of money in different places.	The fourth through sixth digits of a ten-digit phone number (the first three before the introduction of area codes).	The loss of a minor piece (typically a bishop or knight) and associated capture of the more advantageous rook.	The loss of one piece and associated capture of another.	The thing given or received in return; especially, a publication exchanged for another.	The transfer of substances or elements like gas, amino-acids, ions etc. sometimes through a surface like a membrane.
exchange	verb	Clipping of exchange contracts.	To mutually direct at each other.	To recommend and get recommendations.	To replace with, as a substitute.	To trade or barter.
grant	verb	To agree with (someone) on (something); to accept (something) for the sake of argument; to admit to (someone) that (something) is true.	To assent; to consent.	To give (bestow upon or confer, particularly in answer to prayer or request).	To give (permission or wish).
grant	noun	A transfer of property by deed or writing; especially, an appropriation or conveyance made by the government.	An application for a grant (monetary boon to aid research or the like).	The act of granting or giving	The deed or writing by which such a transfer is made.	The thing or property granted; a gift; a boon.	The yielding or admission of something in dispute.
aim	noun	Conjecture; guess.	Initialism of America Online AIM; AOL Instant Messenger.	Intention or goal.	The ability of someone to aim straight; one’s faculty for being able to hit a physical target.	The point intended to be hit, or object intended to be attained or affected.	The pointing of a weapon, as a gun, a dart, or an arrow, or object, in the line of direction with the object intended to be struck; the line of fire; the direction of anything, such as a spear, a blow, a discourse, a remark, towards a particular point or object, with a view to strike or affect it.
aim	verb	To direct (something verbal) towards a certain person, thing, or group	To direct or point (e.g. a weapon), at a particular object; to direct, as a missile, an act, or a proceeding, at, to, or against an object	To direct the intention or purpose; to attempt the accomplishment of a purpose; to try to gain; to endeavor;—followed by at, or by an infinitive	To guess or conjecture.	To point or direct a missile, or a weapon which propels as missile, towards an object or spot with the intent of hitting it
trick	noun	A customer or client of a prostitute.	A daily period of work, especially in shift-based jobs.	A knot, braid, or plait of hair.	A particular habit or manner; a peculiarity; a trait.	A representation of arms that is drawn as an outline with labels to indicate colors.	A sailor's spell of work at the helm, usually two hours long.	A sequence in which each player plays a card and a winning play is determined.	A sex act, chiefly one performed for payment; an act of prostitution.	A single element of a magician's (or any variety entertainer's) act; a magic trick.	A term of abuse.	A toy; a trifle; a plaything.	An effective, clever or quick way of doing something.	An entertaining difficult physical action.	Mischievous or annoying behavior; a prank.	Something designed to fool, dupe, outsmart, mislead or swindle.
trick	verb	To draw (as contrasted with to blazon, which is to describe in words).	To dress; to decorate; to adorn fantastically; often followed by up, off, or out.	To engage in prostitution or casual sex.	To fool; to cause to believe something untrue; to deceive.
trick	adj	Able to perform tricks.	Defective or unreliable.	Involving trickery or deception.	Stylish or cool.
general	adj	Applied to a person (as a postmodifier or a normal preceding adjective) to indicate supreme rank, in civil or military titles, and later in other terms; pre-eminent.	Giving or consisting of only the most important aspects of something, ignoring minor details; indefinite.	Including or involving every part or member of a given or implied entity, whole, etc.; common to all, universal.	Not limited in use or application; applicable across a broad range.	Not of a specific class; miscellaneous.	Prevalent or widespread among a given class or area; common, usual.
general	noun	A commander of naval forces; an admiral.	A general anesthetic.	A general fact or proposition; a generality.	A general servant; a maid with no specific duties.	A great strategist or tactician.	A xiangqi piece that is moved one point orthogonally and confined within the palace.	General anesthesia.	The general insurance industry.	The head of certain religious orders, especially Dominicans or Jesuits.	The holder of a senior military title, originally designating the commander of an army and now a specific rank falling under field marshal (in the British army) and below general of the army or general of the air force in the US army and air forces.
general	verb	To lead (soldiers) as a general.
general	adv	In a general or collective manner or sense; in most cases; upon the whole.
research	noun	A particular instance or piece of research.	Diligent inquiry or examination to seek or revise facts, principles, theories, applications, etc. (that are currently available, or that are familiar to one's self).
research	verb	To make an extensive investigation into.	To receive a certain response in market research.	To search again.	To search or examine with continued care; to seek diligently.
seek	verb	To ask for; to solicit; to beseech.	To attempt, endeavour, try	To go, move, travel (in a given direction).	To navigate through a stream.	To try to acquire or gain; to strive after; to aim at.	To try to find; to look for; to search for.	To try to reach or come to; to go to; to resort to.
seek	noun	The operation of navigating through a stream.
rude	adj	Crudely made; primitive.	Good, awesome.	Hearty, vigorous; found particularly in the phrase rude health.	Lacking in refinement or civility; bad-mannered; discourteous.	Lacking refinement or skill; untaught; ignorant; raw.	Sexy, hot, overtly attractive.	Somewhat obscene, pornographic, offensive.	Undeveloped, unskilled, inelegant.	Violent; abrupt; turbulent.
delay	noun	A period of time before an event occurs; the act of delaying; procrastination; lingering inactivity.	An amount of time provided on each move before one's clock starts to tick; a less common time control than increment.	An audio effects unit that introduces a controlled delay.	Synonym of promise (“object representing delayed result”).
delay	verb	To allay; to temper.	To assuage, quench, allay.	To dilute, temper.	To put off until a later time; to defer.	To retard; to temporarily stop, detain, or hinder.	To wait, hesitate, tarry.
flat	adj	Absolute; downright; peremptory.	At a consistently depressed level; consistently lacklustre.	Deflated, especially because of a puncture.	Exact.	Flattening at the ends.	Foolish; simple-minded.	Having a head at a very obtuse angle to the shaft.	Having little froth and little milk.	Having no variations in height.	Having small or invisible breasts and/or buttocks.	In a horizontal line or plane; not sloping.	Lacking acidity without being sweet.	Lacking in depth, substance, or believability; underdeveloped; one-dimensional.	Lacking liveliness or action; depressed; uninteresting; dull and boring.	Lowered by one semitone.	Not diphthongal; without variation in height or backness.	Not having an inflectional ending or sign, such as a noun used as an adjective, or an adjective as an adverb, without the addition of a formative suffix; or an infinitive without the sign "to".	Of a note or voice, lower in pitch than it should be.	Of fees, fares etc., fixed; unvarying.	Smooth; having no protrusions, indentations or other surface irregularities, or relatively so.	Sonant; vocal, as distinguished from a sharp (non-sonant) consonant.	Such that its target, regarded as a module over its source, is flat (as above).	Such that the induced map on every stalk is flat (as a map of rings).	Such that the tensor product preserves exact sequences. See Flat module on Wikipedia.Wikipedia.	Unable to emit power; dead.	With all or most of its carbon dioxide having come out of solution so that the drink no longer fizzes or contains any bubbles.	Without spin; spinless.	Without variation in level, quantity, value, tone etc.	Without variation in tone or hue (uniform), and dull (not glossy).	Without variations in pitch.
flat	adv	Completely, firmly, or unequivocally.	Completely.	Directly; flatly.	Exactly, precisely.	So as to be flat.	Used to emphasize the smallness of the measurement.	Without allowance for accrued interest.	Without parole.
flat	noun	A 24-case of beer.	A cheater's die with the edges shaved to make certain rolls more likely.	A complete domicile occupying only part of a building, especially one for rent	A dull fellow; a simpleton.	A flat (i.e. plane) mirror	A flat sheet for use on a bed.	A flat spot on the wheel of a rail vehicle.	A flat tyre/flat tire.	A flat, glossy children's book with few pages.	A flat-bottomed boat, without keel, and of small draught.	A horizontal vein or ore deposit auxiliary to a main vein; also, any horizontal portion of a vein not elsewhere horizontal.	A large mail piece measuring at least 8 1/2 by 11 inches, such as catalogs, magazines, and unfolded paper enclosed in large envelopes.	A note played one chromatic semitone lower than a natural, denoted by the symbol ♭ placed after the letter representing the note (e.g., B♭) or in front of the note symbol (e.g. ♭♪).	A platform on a wheel, upon which emblematic designs etc. are carried in processions.	A railroad car without a roof, and whose body is a platform without sides; a platform car or flatcar.	A rectangular wooden structure covered with masonite, lauan, or muslin, often produced in standard modules, that is used to build wall surfaces on stage. Flats can be painted and outfitted with doors and/or windows to depict a building or other part of a scene, and are a hard-surfaced alternative to a backcloth or backdrop.	A straw hat, broad-brimmed and low-crowned.	A subset of n-dimensional space that is congruent to a Euclidean space of lower dimension.	A thin, broad brush used in oil and watercolour painting.	A type of flat-soled running shoe without spikes.	A type of ladies' shoe with a very low heel.	A wide, shallow container or pallet.	An area of level ground (sometimes covered with shallow or tidal water).	An early kind of toy soldier having a flat design.	Any of various hesperiid butterflies that spread their wings open when they land.	Ellipsis of flat ride (“spinning amusement ride”).	Ellipsis of flat water (“nonfizzy drinking water”).	Level ground in general.	Level horse-racing ground, as contrasted with courses incorporating jumps, or the racing done on such ground.	The areas behind the line of scrimmage to either side of an offensive football formation.	The flat side of a blade, as opposed to the sharp edge.	The most prominent flat part of something.	The palm of the hand, with the adjacent part of the fingers.	the area in the centre of a racecourse.
flat	verb	To beat or strike; pound	To become flat or flattened; to sink or fall to an even surface.	To dash or throw	To dash, rush	To depress in tone, as a musical note; especially, to lower in pitch by half a tone.	To fall from the pitch.	To make a flat call; to call without raising.	To make flat; to flatten; to level.	To render dull, insipid, or spiritless; to depress.
contract	noun	A part of legal studies dealing with laws and jurisdiction related to contracts.	An agreement between two or more parties, to perform a specific job or work order, often temporary or of fixed duration and usually governed by a written agreement.	An agreement which the law will enforce in some way. A legally binding contract must contain at least one promise, i.e., a commitment or offer, by an offeror to and accepted by an offeree to do something in the future. A contract is thus executory rather than executed.	An order, usually given to a hired assassin, to kill someone.	The declarer's undertaking to win the number of tricks bid with a stated suit as trump.	The document containing such an agreement.
contract	adj	Contracted; affianced; betrothed.	Not abstract; concrete.
contract	verb	To betroth; to affiance.	To bring on; to incur; to acquire.	To draw together or nearer; to shorten, narrow, or lessen.	To draw together so as to wrinkle; to knit.	To enter into (an agreement) with mutual obligations; to make (an arrangement).	To enter into a contract with (someone or something).	To gain or acquire (an illness).	To make an agreement or contract; to covenant.	To shorten by omitting a letter or letters or by reducing two or more vowels or syllables to one.
toy	noun	A gun.	A headdress of linen or wool that hangs down over the shoulders, worn by elderly women of the lower classes.	A simple, light piece of music, written especially for the virginal.	A small ball of opium (about the size of a pea).	A small jar (about an inch across) used to hold prepared opium.	A thing of little importance or value; a trifle.	A vague fancy, a ridiculous idea or notion; a whim.	A watch.	An inferior graffiti artist.	An old story; a silly tale.	Ellipsis of sex toy.	Ellipsis of toy dog.	Love play, amorous dalliance; fondling.	Something to play with, especially as intended for use by a child.	The penis.	The vagina.
toy	verb	To play (with) in an idle or desultory way.	To ponder or consider.	To stimulate with a sex toy.
toy	adj	Impractical or unsuitable for real-world use, due to being unrealistically small or simple.
spirit	noun	A rough breathing; an aspirate, such as the letter h; also, a mark denoting aspiration.	A supernatural being, often but not exclusively without physical form; ghost, fairy, angel.	A volatile liquid, such as alcohol. The plural form spirits is a generic term for distilled alcoholic beverages.	Air set in motion by breathing; breath; hence, sometimes, life itself.	Any of the four substances: sulphur, sal ammoniac, quicksilver, and arsenic (or, according to some, orpiment).	Energy; ardour.	Enthusiasm.	Intent; real meaning; opposed to the letter, or formal statement.	One who is vivacious or lively; one who evinces great activity or peculiar characteristics of mind or temper.	Stannic chloride.	Temper or disposition of mind; mental condition or disposition; intellectual or moral state.	The manner or style of something.	The soul of a person or other creature.
spirit	verb	Sometimes followed by up: to animate with vigour; to excite; to encourage; to inspirit.	To carry off, especially in haste, secrecy, or mystery.
direction	noun	A general trend for future action.	A person's address.	A theoretical line (physically or mentally) followed from a point of origin or towards a destination. May be relative (e.g. up, left, outbound, dorsal), geographical (e.g. north), rotational (e.g. clockwise), or with respect to an object or location (e.g. toward Boston).	Guidance, instruction.	The body of persons who guide or manage a matter; the directorate.	The work of the director in cinema or theater; the skill of directing a film, play etc.
responsibility	noun	A duty, obligation or liability for which someone is held accountable.	The obligation for the proper custody, care, and safekeeping of property or funds entrusted to someone’s possession or supervision.	The obligation to carry forward an assigned task to a successful conclusion.	The state of being liable, culpable, or responsible for something in particular.	The state of being responsible, accountable, or answerable.
perfectly	adv	Wholly, completely, totally.	With perfection.
admire	verb	To be amazed at; to view with surprise; to marvel at.	To be enthusiastic about (doing something); to want or like (to do something). (Sometimes followed by to.)	To estimate or value highly; to hold in high esteem.	To look upon with an elevated feeling of pleasure, as something which calls out approbation, esteem, love or reverence.	To regard with wonder and delight.
block	noun	A blockhead; a stupid person; a dolt.	A blockhole.	A case or frame housing one or more sheaves (pulleys), used with ropes to increase or redirect force, for example as part of lifting gear or a sailing ship's rigging. See also block and tackle.	A cellblock.	A chopping block: a cuboid base for cutting or beheading.	A contiguous group of urban lots of property, typically several acres in extent, not crossed by public streets.	A contiguous range of Unicode code points used to encode characters of a specific type; can be of any size evenly divisible by 16, up to 65,536 (a full plane).	A cuboid or approximately cuboid building.	A defensive play by one or more players meant to deflect a spiked ball back to the hitter’s court.	A discrete group of vines in a vineyard, often distinguished from others by variety, clone, canopy training method, irrigation infrastructure, or some combination thereof.	A fixed-length group of bits making up part of a message.	A joined group of four (or in some cases nine) postage stamps, forming a roughly square shape.	A logical data storage unit containing one or more physical sectors.	A logical extent or region; a grouping or apportionment of like things treated together as a unit.	A mould on which hats, bonnets, etc., are shaped.	A physical area or extent of something, often rectangular or approximately rectangular.	A piece of hard wood on which a stereotype or electrotype plate is mounted.	A portion of a macromolecule, comprising many units, that has at least one feature not present in adjacent portions.	A region of code in a program that acts as a single unit, such as a function or loop.	A section of a railroad where the block system is used.	A section of split logs used as fuel.	A set of sheets (of paper) joined together at one end, forming a cuboid shape.	A shot played by holding the bat vertically in the path of the ball, so that it loses momentum and drops to the ground.	A substantial, often approximately cuboid, piece of any substance.	A temporary or permanent ban that prevents access to an online account or service, or connection to or from a designated telephone number, IP address, or similar.	A wig block: a simplified head model upon which wigs are worn.	A yeargroup at Eton College.	An action to interfere with the movement of an opposing player or of the object of play (ball, puck).	Any point on the board where two or more men rest, and consequently an opponent may not land.	In Conway's Game of Life, a still life consisting of four living cells arranged in a two-by-two square.	Interference or obstruction of cognitive processes.	Misspelling of bloc.	Solitary confinement.	Something that prevents something from passing.	The distance from one street to another in a city or suburb that is built (approximately) to a grid pattern.	The human head.	The perch on which a bird of prey is kept.	The popping crease.	The position of a player or bat when guarding the wicket.
block	verb	To bar (a message or communication), or bar connection with (an online account or service, a designated telephone number, IP address, etc.).	To bar (a person or bot, etc.) from connecting via telephone, instant messaging, etc., or from accessing an online account or service, or similar.	To experience mental block or creative block.	To fill or obstruct (something) so that it is not possible to pass.	To hit with a block.	To impede (an opponent or opponent’s play).	To knock the hat of (a person) down over their eyes.	To play a block shot.	To prevent (something from happening or someone from doing something).	To prevent (something or someone) from passing.	To shape or sketch out roughly.	To specify the positions and movements of the actors for (a section of a play or film).	To stretch or mould (a knitted item, a hat, etc.) into the desired shape.	To wait for some condition to become true.
shy	adj	Cautious; wary; suspicious.	Easily frightened; timid.	Embarrassed.	Less likely to reveal whom they will vote for than average, chiefly in the context of the collective effect this has on polling accuracy.	Reserved; disinclined to familiar approach.	Short, insufficient or less than.
shy	verb	To avoid due to caution, embarrassment or timidness.	To hit the ball back into play from the sidelines in a shinty match.	To jump back in fear.	To throw a ball with two hands above the head, especially when it has crossed the side lines in a football (soccer) match.	To throw sideways with a jerk; to fling.
shy	noun	A gibe; a sneer.	A place for throwing.	A sudden start aside, as by a horse.	A throw-in from the sidelines, using two hands above the head.	An act of throwing.	In shinty, the act of tossing the ball above the head and hitting it with the shaft of the caman to bring it back into play after it has been hit out of the field.	In the Eton College wall game, a point scored by lifting the ball against the wall in the calx.
god	noun	A deity or supreme being; a supernatural, typically immortal, being with superior powers, to which personhood is attributed.	A person in a very high position of authority, importance or influence; a powerful ruler or tyrant.	A person who is exceptionally skilled in a particular activity.	A representation of a deity, especially a statue or statuette.	An exceedingly handsome man.	An idol.	Something or someone particularly revered, worshipped, idealized, admired and/or followed.	The person who owns and runs a multi-user dungeon.
god	name	Alternative letter-case form of God.
god	verb	To deify.	To idolize.
climate	noun	A region of the Earth.	An area of the earth's surface between two parallels of latitude.	The context in general of a particular political, moral, etc., situation.	The long-term manifestations of weather and other atmospheric conditions in a given area or country, now usually represented by the statistical summary of its weather conditions during a period long enough to ensure that representative values are obtained (generally 30 years).
climate	verb	To dwell.
sudden	adj	Hastily prepared or employed; quick; rapid.	Hasty; violent; rash; precipitate.	Occurring quickly with little or no warning or expectation; instantly.
sudden	adv	Suddenly.
sudden	noun	An unexpected occurrence; a surprise.
sink	verb	To (directly or indirectly) cause a vessel to sink, generally by making it no longer watertight.	To be overwhelmed or depressed; to fail in strength.	To cause to decline; to depress or degrade.	To conceal and appropriate.	To decrease in volume, as a river; to subside; to become diminished in volume or in apparent height.	To demean or lower oneself; to do something below one's status, standards, or morals.	To descend or submerge (or to cause to do so) into a liquid or similar substance.	To die.	To diminish or be diminished.	To drink (especially something alcoholic).	To experience apprehension, disappointment, dread, or momentary depression.	To keep out of sight; to suppress; to ignore.	To make by digging or delving.	To move or be moved into something.	To pay absolutely.	To pot; hit a ball into a pocket or hole.	To push (something) into something.	To reduce or extinguish by payment.
sink	noun	A basin used for holding water for washing.	A depression in a stereotype plate.	A depression in land where water collects, with no visible outlet.	A destination vertex in a transportation network.	A drain for carrying off wastewater.	A habitat that cannot support a population on its own but receives the excess of individuals from some other source.	A heat sink.	A node in directed graph for which all of its edges go into it; one with no outgoing edges.	A place that absorbs resources or energy.	A sinkhole.	A stage trapdoor for shifting scenery.	An abode of degraded persons; a wretched place.	An excavation smaller than a shaft.	An object or callback that captures events.	Descending motion; descent.	One or several systems that remove currency from the game's economy, thus controlling or preventing inflation.	The motion of a sinker pitch.
guard	noun	A Boolean expression that must evaluate to true for a branch of program execution to continue.	A garda; a police officer.	A ground grappling position in which one combatant has their back to the ground while attempting to control the other combatant using their legs.	A panel of a car that encloses the wheel area, especially the front wheels.	A part of a machine which blocks access to dangerous parts.	A person who, or thing that, protects or watches over something.	A player playing a position named guard.	A relatively short player, playing farther from the basket than a forward or centre.	A squad responsible for protecting something.	A state of caution; posture of defence.	A watchchain.	An elite military unit in Russia, the former Soviet Union and several post-Soviet countries.	An employee, normally travelling in the last vehicle of a train, responsible for the safety of the train.	Either of two offensive positions between the centre and each of the offensive tackles, whose main responsibilities are to protect the quarterback, and open up "holes" through which offensive players can run.	Something worn to protect part of the body, e.g. the shins in cricket.	The aircraft emergency frequency, a radio frequency reserved for emergency communications, typically 121.5MHz for civilian use.	The part of a sword that protects the wielder's hand.	The position on the popping crease where a batsman makes a mark to align himself with the wicket; see take guard.
guard	verb	To fasten by binding; to gird.	To keep watch over, in order to prevent escape or restrain from acts of violence, or the like.	To protect from danger; to secure against surprise, attack, or injury; to keep in safety; to defend.	To protect the edge of, especially with an ornamental border; hence, to face or ornament with lists, laces, etc.	To watch by way of caution or defense; to be cautious; to be in a state or position of defense or safety.
butter	noun	A smooth plane landing.	A soft, fatty foodstuff made by churning the cream of milk (generally cow's milk).	Any of various foodstuffs made from other foods or oils, similar in consistency to, eaten like or intended as a substitute for butter (preceded by the name of the food used to make it).	Any of various substances made from other (especially plant-based) oils or fats, used in moisturizers, cosmetics, etc.	Any specific soft substance.	Someone or something that butts in; a busybody.	Someone or something that butts.
butter	verb	To increase (stakes) at every throw of dice, or every game.	To move one's weight backwards or forwards onto the tips or tails of one's skis or snowboard so only the tip or tail is in contact with the snow. Similar to applying butter to bread with the end of a knife.	To spin on skis or a snowboard using only the tips or tails being in contact with the snow	To spread butter on.
jacket	noun	A bastard child, in particular one whose father is unaware that he is not the child’s biological father.	A piece of a person's suit, beside trousers and, sometimes, waistcoat; coat (US)	A piece of clothing worn on the upper body outside a shirt or blouse, often waist length to thigh length.	A police record.	A protective or insulating cover for an object (e.g. a book, hot water tank, bullet.)	A vest (US); a waistcoat (UK).	In ordnance, a strengthening band surrounding and reinforcing the tube in which the charge is fired.	The tough outer skin of a baked potato.
jacket	verb	To confine (someone) to a straitjacket.	To enclose or encase in a jacket or other covering.
birth	noun	A beginning or start; a point of origin.	An instance of childbirth.	Obsolete spelling of berth.	That which is born.	The circumstances of one's background, ancestry, or upbringing.	The process of childbearing; the beginning of life; the emergence of a human baby or other viviparous animal offspring from the mother's body into the environment.
birth	adj	A familial relationship established by childbirth.
birth	verb	To bear or give birth to (a child).	To produce, give rise to.
elect	noun	In Calvinist theology, one foreordained to Heaven. In other Christian theologies, someone chosen by God for salvation.	One chosen or set apart.
elect	verb	To choose (a candidate) in an election	To choose or make a decision (to do something)
elect	adj	Chosen; taken by preference from among two or more.	Who has been elected in a specified post, but has not yet entered office.
stomach	noun	An organ in animals that stores food in the process of digestion.	Appetite.	Desire, appetite (for something abstract).	Pride, haughtiness.	The belly.	The part of a garment that covers a person's stomach.
stomach	verb	To be angry.	To resent; to remember with anger; to dislike.	To tolerate (something), emotionally, physically, or mentally; to stand or handle something.	To turn the stomach of; to sicken or repel.
seldom	adv	Infrequently, rarely.
seldom	adj	Rare; infrequent.
drown	verb	To be flooded: to be inundated with or submerged in (literally) water or (figuratively) other things; to be overwhelmed.	To die from suffocation while immersed in water or other fluid.	To inundate, submerge, overwhelm.	To kill by suffocating in water or another liquid.	To obscure, particularly amid an overwhelming volume of other items.
scare	noun	A cause of slight terror; something that inspires fear or dread.	A device or object used to frighten.	A minor fright.
scare	verb	(To be able) to be scared.	To frighten, terrify, startle, especially in a minor way.
scare	adj	lean; scanty
universe	name	Alternative letter-case form of Universe; Our universe.
universe	noun	A collection of stories with characters and settings that typically share a continuity but are less interrelated than those of sequels or prequels.	A deity who is equivalent to the sum of everything that exists in the cosmos.	A sample taken from the population.	A whole world, in the sense of perspective or social setting.	An entity similar to our universe; one component of a larger entity known as the multiverse.	An imaginary collection of worlds; the general imaginary world within which a work of fiction takes place, broader than its immediate setting.	Everything under consideration.	The Earth, the sphere of the world.	The set of all admissible observations.	The set of all things considered.	The sum of everything that exists in the cosmos.
quality	noun	A newspaper with relatively serious, high-quality content.	High social position. (See also the quality.)	In a two-phase liquid–vapor mixture, the ratio of the mass of vapor present to the total mass of the mixture.	Level of excellence.	Position; status; rank.	Something that differentiates a thing or person.	The degree to which a man-made object or system is free from faults and flaws, as opposed to scope of functions or quantity of items.	The third step in OPQRST where the responder investigates what the NOI/MOI feels like.
quality	adj	(attributive) Being of good worth, well made, fit for purpose; of high quality.
available	adj	Free to meet someone, speak on the telephone, enter a romantic relationship, or the like.	Having sufficient power, force, or efficacy to achieve the purpose; availing, effective.	Readily obtainable.	Such as one may avail oneself of; capable of being used for the accomplishment of a purpose.	Valid.
aunt	noun	A procuress or bawd.	A woman of an older generation than oneself, especially a friend of one's parents, by means of fictive kin.	Any elderly woman.	The female cousin or cousin-in-law of one’s parent.	The sister or sister-in-law of one’s parent.
boil	noun	A bubbling.	A dish of boiled food, especially seafood.	A localized accumulation of pus in the skin, resulting from infection.	A social event at which people gather to boil and eat food, especially seafood. (Compare a bake or clambake.)	An instance of boiling.	The collective noun for a group of hawks.	The point at which fluid begins to change to a vapour; the boiling point.
boil	verb	To be agitated like boiling water; to bubble; to effervesce.	To be moved or excited with passion; to be hot or fervid.	To be uncomfortably hot.	To begin to turn into a gas, seethe.	To bring to a boil, to heat so as to cause the contents to boil.	To cook in boiling water.	To feel uncomfortably hot.	To form, or separate, by boiling or evaporation.	To heat to the point where it begins to turn into a gas.	To steep or soak in warm water.
Hell	name	A village in Stjørdal, Trøndelag, Norway; was the administrative center of Lånke municipality, which existed until 1962.	Alternative form of Hela.	Alternative letter-case form of hell.	Alternative spelling of Hel.	Any of various places so named.
thin	adj	Describing a poorly played golf shot where the ball is struck by the bottom part of the club head. See fat, shank, toe.	Having little body fat or flesh; slim; slender; lean; gaunt.	Having little thickness or extent from one surface to its opposite.	Lacking body or volume; small; feeble; not full.	Of a route: relatively little used.	Of low viscosity or low specific gravity.	Poor; scanty; without money or success.	Scarce; not close, crowded, or numerous; not filling the space.	Slight; small; slender; flimsy; superficial; inadequate; not sufficient for a covering.	Very narrow in all diameters; having a cross section that is small in all directions.
thin	noun	A loss or tearing of paper from the back of a stamp, although not sufficient to create a complete hole.	Any food produced or served in thin slices.
thin	verb	To become thin or thinner.	To dilute.	To make thin or thinner.	To remove some plants or parts of plants in order to improve the growth of what remains.
thin	adv	Not thickly or closely; in a scattered state.
final	noun	A final examination taken at the end of the final year of an undergraduate course, which contributes towards a student's degree classification.	A final examination; a test or examination given at the end of a term or class; the test that concludes a class.	The final part of a syllable, the combination of medial and rime in phonetics and phonology.	The last round, game or match in a contest, after which the winner is determined.	The tonic or keynote of a Gregorian mode, and hence the final note of any conventional melody played in that mode.
final	adj	Conclusive; decisive.	Expressing purpose; as in the term final clause.	Last; ultimate.	Respecting an end or object to be gained; respecting the purpose or ultimate end in view.	Word-final; occurring at the end of a word.
final	verb	To qualify for the final round of a competition.
roll	verb	To (cause to) betray secrets or testify for the prosecution.	To (cause to) film.	To apply (one line or surface) to another without slipping; to bring all the parts of (one line or surface) into successive contact with another, in such a manner that at every instant the parts that have been in contact are equal.	To be under the influence of MDMA (a psychedelic stimulant, also known as ecstasy).	To beat up; to assault.	To beat with rapid, continuous strokes, as a drum; to sound a roll upon.	To behave in a certain way; to adopt a general disposition toward a situation.	To bind or involve by winding, as with a bandage; to enwrap; often with up.	To briskly arpeggiate (a chord), typically in an upward motion.	To compete, especially with vigor.	To create a customized version of.	To create a new character in a role-playing game, especially by using dice to determine properties.	To drive, impel, or flow onward with a steady, wave-like motion.	To engage in sparring in the context of jujitsu or other grappling disciplines.	To enrobe in toilet-paper (as a prank or spectacle).	To generate a random number.	To have a rolling aspect.	To leave or begin a journey; sometimes with out.	To load ocean freight cargo onto a vessel other than the one it was meant to sail on.	To make a loud or heavy rumbling noise.	To move upon rollers or wheels.	To perform an operation similar to a bit shift, but with the bit that "falls off the end" being wrapped around to the other end.	To press, level, spread, or form with a roller or rollers.	To revolve by turning over and over; to move by turning on a horizontal axis; to impel forward with a revolving motion on a supporting surface.	To roll dice such that they form a given pattern or total.	To rotate about the fore-and-aft axis, causing its sides to go up and down. Compare pitch, yaw.	To slip past (a defender) with the ball.	To throw dice.	To travel by sailing.	To tumble in gymnastics; to do a somersault.	To turn over in one's mind, as of deep thoughts; to (cause to) be considered thoroughly.	To utter copiously, especially with sounding words; to utter with a deep sound; — often with forth, or out.	To utter with an alveolar trill.	To walk, especially leisurely or idly; to stroll.	To wrap (something) round on itself; to form into a spherical or cylindrical body by causing to turn over and over.
roll	noun	A catalogue or list, (especially) one kept for official purposes.	A cylindrical twist of tobacco.	A document written on a piece of parchment, paper, or other materials which may be rolled up; a scroll.	A forward or backward roll in gymnastics; going head over heels. A tumble.	A heavy cylinder used to break clods.	A heavy, reverberatory sound.	A kind of shortened raised biscuit or bread, often rolled or doubled upon itself; see also bread roll.	A measure of parchments, containing five dozen.	A part; an office; a duty; a role.	A quantity of cloth wound into a cylindrical form.	A swagger or rolling gait.	A training match for a fighting dog.	A winning streak of continuing luck, especially at gambling (and especially in the phrase on a roll).	An instance of the act of righting a canoe or kayak which has capsized, without exiting the watercraft, or being assisted.	An instance of the act of rolling an aircraft through one or more complete rotations about its longitudinal axis.	An official or public document; a register; a record.	An operation similar to a bit shift, but with the bit that "falls off the end" being wrapped around to the other end.	Any of various financial instruments or transactions that involve opposite positions at different expiries, "rolling" a position from one expiry to another.	One of a set of revolving cylinders, or rollers, between which metal is pressed, formed, or smoothed, as in a rolling mill.	Something which rolls.	That which is rolled up.	The act of, or total resulting from, rolling one or more dice.	The act or result of rolling, or state of being rolled.	The measure or extent to which a vessel rotates from side to side, about its fore-and-aft axis.	The oscillating movement of a nautical vessel as it rotates from side to side, about its fore-and-aft axis, causing its sides to go up and down, as distinguished from the alternate rise and fall of bow and stern called pitching; or the equivalent in an aircraft.	The rotation angle about the longitudinal axis.	The skill of righting a canoe or kayak which has capsized, without exiting the watercraft, or being assisted.	The uniform beating of a drum with strokes so rapid as scarcely to be distinguished by the ear.
bored	verb	simple past and past participle of bore
bored	adj	Perforated by a hole or holes.	Suffering from boredom; mildly annoyed and restless through having nothing to do.
headache	noun	A nuisance or unpleasant problem.	A pain or ache in the head.
harm	noun	Detriment; misfortune.	Emotional or figurative hurt.	Physical injury; hurt; damage.	That which causes injury, damage, or loss.
harm	verb	To damage, hurt, or injure something, usually an inanimate object.
limit	noun	A determining feature; a distinguishing characteristic.	A person who is exasperating, intolerable, astounding, etc.	A restriction; a bound beyond which one may not go.	A restriction; a check or curb; a hindrance.	A value to which a sequence converges. Equivalently, the common value of the upper limit and the lower limit of a sequence: if the upper and lower limits are different, then the sequence has no limit (i.e., does not converge).	Any of several abstractions of this concept of limit.	Fixed limit.	That which terminates a period of time; hence, the period itself; the full time or extent.	The cone of a diagram through which any other cone of that same diagram can factor uniquely.	The final, utmost, or furthest point; the border or edge.	The first group of riders to depart in a handicap race.	The space or thing defined by limits.
limit	adj	Being a fixed limit game.
limit	verb	To beg, or to exercise functions, within a certain limited region.	To have a limit in a particular set.	To restrict; to circumscribe; not to allow to go beyond a certain bound, to set boundaries.
cooking	noun	An instance of preparing food by using heat.	One's ability to prepare food; cookery.	The cheapest available beer for sale in a public house; cooking bitter or cooking lager.	The process of preparing food by using heat.	The result of preparing food by using heat.	The style or genre of food preparation.
cooking	adj	Cheap; better suited for use in recipes than drinking.	Designed or suitable for culinary purposes.	In progress, happening.
cooking	verb	present participle and gerund of cook
jail	noun	A kind of sandbox for running a guest operating system instance.	A place or institution for the confinement of persons held against their will in lawful custody or detention, especially (in US usage) a place where people are held for minor offenses or with reference to some future judicial proceeding.	Confinement in a jail.	In dodgeball and related games, the area where players who have been struck by the ball are confined.	The condition created by the requirement that a horse claimed in a claiming race not be run at another track for some period of time (usually 30 days).
jail	verb	To imprison.
pizza	noun	A baked Italian dish of a thinly rolled bread crust typically topped before baking with tomato sauce, cheese, and other ingredients such as meat or vegetables.	A single instance of this dish.
reality	noun	A real entity, event, or other fact.	An individual observer's own subjective perception of that which is real.	Loyalty; devotion.	Reality television.	Realty; real estate.	The entirety of all that is real.	The real world.	The state of being actual or real; realness.
Canada	name	(1608–1763) The most active province of New France. Nowadays corresponds to the territory of much of Quebec, Ontario, and several US states (aligning with the Saint Lawrence and Ottawa River plains and Great Lakes plains, and Laurentians)	A country in North America. Capital: Ottawa. Largest city: Toronto.	A surname.	Lower Canada 1791–1840 (also Canada East 1840–1867, now province of Quebec) or respectively Upper Canada (Canada West, now province of Ontario), often “the Canadas” (or politically, “United Canada” 1840–1867).
Canada	noun	A country bordering a larger country that shares many similarities with it, but is overshadowed by the more prominent larger.
stock	noun	A bar going through an anchor, perpendicular to the flukes.	A bar, stick, or rod.	A bed for infants; a crib, cot, or cradle	A block of wood; something fixed and solid; a pillar; a firm support; a post.	A cover for the legs; a stocking.	A handle or stem to which the working part of an implement or weapon is attached.	A larger grouping of language families: a superfamily or macrofamily.	A necktie or cravat, particularly a wide necktie popular in the eighteenth century, often seen today as a part of formal wear for horse riding competitions.	A person who is as dull and lifeless as a stock or post; one who has little sense.	A piece of black cloth worn under a clerical collar.	A piece of wood magically made to be just like a real baby and substituted for it by magical beings.	A pipe (vertical cylinder of ore)	A share in a company.	A ski pole.	A stack of undealt cards made available to the players.	A store of goods ready for sale; inventory.	A store or supply.	A supply of anything, stored until used; especially, such a supply that is ready for use.	A thrust with a rapier; a stoccado.	A type of (now formal or official) neckwear.	Any of several types of security that are similar to a stock, or marketed like one.	Any of the several species of cruciferous flowers in the genus Matthiola.	Broth made from meat (originally bones) or vegetables, used as a basis for stew or soup.	Ellipsis of film stock.	Farm or ranch animals; livestock.	In tectology, an aggregate or colony of individuals, such as trees, chains of salpae, etc.	Lineage; family; ancestry.	Part of a machine that supports items or holds them in place.	Plain soap before it is coloured and perfumed.	Railroad rolling stock.	Red and grey bricks, used for the exterior of walls and the front of buildings.	Stock theater, summer stock theater.	The axle attached to the rudder, which transfers the movement of the helm to the rudder.	The beater of a fulling mill.	The capital raised by a company through the issue of shares; the total of shares held by an individual shareholder.	The frame or timbers on which a ship rests during construction.	The handle of a whip, fishing rod, etc.	The headstock of a lathe, drill, etc.	The longest part of a split tally stick formerly struck in the exchequer, which was delivered to the person who had lent the king money on account, as the evidence of indebtedness.	The measure of how highly a person or institution is valued.	The part of a rifle or shotgun that rests against the shooter's shoulder.	The plant upon which the scion is grafted.	The population of a given type of animal (especially fish) available to be captured from the wild for economic use.	The price or value of the stock of a company on the stock market.	The raw material from which things are made, such as feedstock.	The tailstock of a lathe.	The trunk and woody main stems or limbs of a tree; the base from which something grows or branches.	The type of paper used in printing.
stock	verb	To allow (cows) to retain milk for twenty-four hours or more prior to sale.	To arrange cards in a certain manner for cheating purposes; to stack the deck.	To fit (an anchor) with a stock, or to fasten the stock firmly in place.	To have on hand for sale.	To provide with material requisites; to store; to fill; to supply.	To put in the stocks as punishment.
stock	adj	Having the same configuration as cars sold to the non-racing public, or having been modified from such a car.	Of a type normally available for purchase/in stock.	Straightforward, ordinary, just another, very basic.
satisfied	verb	simple past and past participle of satisfy
satisfied	adj	Convinced based on the available evidence.	In a state of satisfaction.
''		
gather	verb	Especially, to harvest food.	To accumulate over time, to amass little by little.	To add pleats or folds to a piece of cloth, normally to reduce its width.	To be filled with pus	To bring parts of a whole closer.	To bring stitches closer together.	To bring together, or nearer together, in masonry, as for example where the width of a fireplace is rapidly diminished to the width of the flue.	To collect molten glass on the end of a tool.	To collect normally separate things.	To congregate, or assemble.	To gain; to win.	To grow gradually larger by accretion.	To haul in; to take up.	To infer or conclude; to know from a different source.
gather	noun	A blob of molten glass collected on the end of a blowpipe.	A gathering.	A plait or fold in cloth, made by drawing a thread through it; a pucker.	The inclination forward of the axle journals to keep the wheels from working outward.	The soffit or under surface of the masonry required in gathering. See gather.
lonely	adj	Unfrequented by people; desolate.	Unhappy due to feeling isolated from contact with other people.	Without companions; solitary.
passenger	noun	A migratory bird, a bird of passage.	A moth, Dysgonia algira	A passer-by; a wayfarer.	A ship carrying passengers, a ferryboat.	A young hunting bird that can fly and is taken while it is still in its first year.	Any of the individual warheads of a MIRV missile.	One who rides or travels in a vehicle, but who does not operate it and is not a member of the crew.	Somebody in a team who does not do their fair share of the work.
passenger	verb	To ride as a passenger in a vehicle.
wide	adj	Far from truth, propriety, necessity, etc.	Having a large physical extent from side to side.	Large in scope.	Located some distance away; distant, far.	Made, as a vowel, with a less tense, and more open and relaxed, condition of the organs in the mouth.	Of or supporting a greater range of text characters than can fit into the traditional 8-bit representation.	On one side or the other of the mark; too far sideways from the mark, the wicket, the batsman, etc.	Operating at the side of the playing area.	Overweight, obese.	Sharp-witted.	Vast, great in extent, extensive.
wide	adv	So as to leave or have a great space between the sides; so as to form a large opening.	away from or to one side of a given goal	completely	extensively
wide	noun	A ball that passes so far from the batsman that the umpire deems it unplayable; the arm signal used by an umpire to signal a wide; the extra run added to the batting side's score
British	noun	Synonym of Welsh: the Welsh people.	The citizens or inhabitants of the United Kingdom.	The earlier inhabitants of southern Britain, prior to the Anglo-Saxon invasion and subsequent migrations.	The residents or inhabitants of Great Britain.
British	name	The British English language.	The Celtic language of the ancient Britons; Common Brittonic.
British	adj	Of Britain.	Of British English.	Of the British Isles.	Of the Commonwealth of Nations, or the British Empire.	Of the United Kingdom.	Of the ancient inhabitants of the southern part of Britain; Brythonic.
gate	noun	A doorlike structure outside a house.	A doorway, opening, or passage in a fence or wall.	A journey.	A line that separates particle type-clusters on two-dimensional dot plots.	A location which serves as a conduit for transport, migration, or trade.	A logical pathway made up of switches which turn on or off. Examples are and, or, nand, etc.	A man; a male person.	A mechanism, in a film camera and projector, that holds each frame momentarily stationary behind the aperture.	A movable barrier.	A passageway (as in an air terminal) where passengers can embark or disembark.	A place where drugs are illegally sold.	A street; now used especially as a combining form to make the name of a street e.g. "Briggate" (a common street name in the north of England meaning "Bridge Street") or Kirkgate meaning "Church Street".	A tally mark consisting of four vertical bars crossed by a diagonal, representing a count of five.	A tunnel serving the coal face.	A way, path.	An individual theme park as part of a larger resort complex with multiple parks.	In a lock tumbler, the opening for the stump of the bolt to pass through or into.	Manner; gait.	The amount of money made by selling tickets to a concert or a sports event.	The channel or opening through which metal is poured into the mould; the ingate.	The controlling terminal of a field effect transistor (FET).	The gap between a batsman's bat and pad.	The waste piece of metal cast in the opening; a sprue or sullage piece. Also written geat and git.
gate	verb	To furnish with a gate.	To keep something inside by means of a closed gate.	To open (a closed ion channel).	To punish (especially a child or teenager) by not allowing to go out.	To selectively regulate or restrict (access to something).	To turn (an image intensifier) on and off selectively, as needed or to avoid damage from excessive light exposure. See autogating.
Jack	name	A surname.	A unisex given name derived from a pet form of the name John. Occasionally a diminutive of other given names such as Jackson, Jacob, Jacqueline or Jonathan.	An unincorporated community in Coffee County, Alabama, United States.	An unincorporated community in Dent County, Missouri, United States.	Ellipsis of Monterey Jack, a type of cheese.	Jack Daniel's, a brand of Tennessee whiskey.
Jack	noun	A jacqueminot rose.	A placeholder or conventional name for any man, particularly a younger, lower-class man.	Ellipsis of Jack Rum, a soldier.	Ellipsis of Jack Tar, a sailor.
youth	noun	A young man; a male adolescent or young adult.	A young person.	The part of life following childhood; the period of existence preceding maturity or age; the whole early part of life, from childhood, or, sometimes, from infancy, to adulthood.	The quality or state of being young.	Young persons, collectively.
30	symbol	end of message.
generally	adv	As a rule; usually; typically; in most cases.	Collectively; as a whole; without omissions.	In the general case, without exception; in all cases.	Popularly or widely.	Without reference to specific details.
stamp	noun	A device for imprinting designs.	A kind of heavy pestle, raised by water or steam power, for crushing ores.	A single dose of lysergic acid diethylamide.	A small piece of paper bearing a design on one side and adhesive on the other, used to decorate letters or craft work.	A small piece of paper, with a design and a face value, used to prepay postage or other dues such as tax or licence fees.	A tattoo.	An act of stamping the foot, paw or hoof.	An indentation, imprint, or mark made by stamping.	Cast; form; character; distinguishing mark or sign; evidence.
stamp	verb	To apply postage stamps to.	To give an official marking to, generally by impressing or imprinting a design or symbol.	To mark by pressing quickly and heavily.	To mark; to impress.	To move (the foot or feet) quickly and heavily, once or repeatedly.	To step quickly and heavily, once or repeatedly.	To strike, beat, or press forcibly with the bottom of the foot, or by thrusting the foot downward.
style	noun	A kind of surgical instrument with a blunt point, used for exploration.	A legal or traditional term or formula of words used to address or refer to a person, especially a monarch or a person holding a post or having a title.	A long, slender, bristle-like process near the anal region.	A particular manner of acting or behaving; (specifically) one regarded as fashionable or skilful; flair, grace.	A particular manner of creating, doing, or presenting something, especially a work of architecture or art.	A particular manner of expression in writing or speech, especially one regarded as good.	A particular way in which one grooms, adorns, dresses, or carries oneself; (specifically) a way thought to be attractive or fashionable.	A set of rules regarding the presentation of text (spelling, typography, the citation of references, etc.) and illustrations that is applied by a publisher to the works it produces.	A sharp stick used for writing on clay tablets or other surfaces; a stylus; (by extension, obsolete) an instrument used to write with ink; a pen.	A small, thin, pointed body part.	A tool with a sharp point used in engraving; a burin, a graver, a stylet, a stylus.	A visual or other modification to text or other elements of a document, such as boldface or italics.	Senses relating to a thin, pointed object.	The gnomon or pin of a sundial, the shadow of which indicates the hour.	The stalk that connects the stigma(s) to the ovary in a pistil of a flower.
style	verb	To act in a way which seeks to show that one possesses style.	To call or give a name or title to.	To create for, or give to, someone a style, fashion, or image, particularly one which is regarded as attractive, tasteful, or trendy.	To design, fashion, make, or arrange in a certain way or form (style).
punish	verb	To cause (a child, student, or someone else being looked after, or a suspect or criminal) to suffer for crime or misconduct, to administer disciplinary action, typically by an authority or a person in authority (for example: a parent, teacher, or police officer).	To consume a large quantity of.	To handle or beat severely; to maul.	To treat harshly and unfairly.
experiment	noun	A test under controlled conditions made to either demonstrate a known truth, examine the validity of a hypothesis, or determine the efficacy or likelihood of something previously untried.	Experience, practical familiarity with something.
experiment	verb	To conduct an experiment.	To experience; to feel; to perceive; to detect.	To test or ascertain by experiment; to try out; to make an experiment on.
particular	adj	Concerned with, or attentive to, details; minute; circumstantial; precise.	Containing a part only; limited.	Distinguished in some way; special (often in negative constructions).	Forming a part of a genus; relatively limited in extension; affirmed or denied of a part of a subject.	Holding a particular estate.	Known only to an individual person or group; confidential.	Of a person, concerned with, or attentive to, details; fastidious.	Pertaining only to a part of something; partial.	Specialised; characteristic of a specific person or thing.	Specific; discrete; concrete.
particular	noun	A particular case; an individual thing as opposed to a whole class. (Opposed to generals, universals.)	A person's own individual case.	A small individual part of something larger; a detail, a point.
pray	verb	To ask earnestly for; to seek to obtain by supplication; to entreat for.	To direct words, thoughts, or one's attention to a deity or any higher being, for the sake of adoration, thanks, petition for help, etc.	To humbly beg a person for aid or their time.	To implore, to entreat, to request.	To wish or hope strongly for a particular outcome.
pray	adv	Alternative form of pray tell (“I ask you”).	Please; used to make a polite request
foolish	adj	Lacking good sense or judgement; unwise.	Resembling or characteristic of a fool.
cheese	noun	A dairy product made from curdled or cultured milk.	A dangerous mixture of black tar heroin and crushed Tylenol PM tablets. The resulting powder resembles grated cheese and is snorted.	A fastball.	A low curtsey; so called on account of the cheese shape assumed by a woman's dress when she stoops after extending the skirts by a rapid gyration.	A mass of pomace, or ground apples, pressed together in the shape of a cheese.	A piece of cheese, especially one moulded into a large round shape during manufacture.	A substance resembling cream cheese, such as lemon cheese	A thick variety of jam (fruit preserve), as distinguished from a thinner variety (sometimes called jelly)	Any particular variety of cheese.	Holed pattern of circuitry to decrease pattern density.	In skittles, the roughly ovoid object that is thrown to knock down the skittles.	Money.	Smegma.	That which is melodramatic, overly emotional, or cliché, i.e. cheesy.	The correct thing, of excellent quality; the ticket.	The exploitation, or opportunity for exploitation, of an unintentional video game mechanic.	The flat, circular, mucilaginous fruit of dwarf mallow (Malva rotundifolia) or marshmallow (Althaea officinalis).	Wealth, fame, excellence, importance.
cheese	verb	To anger or irritate someone, usually in combination with "off".	To make holes in a pattern of circuitry to decrease pattern density.	To prepare curds for making cheese.	To smile excessively, as for a camera.	To stop; to refrain from.	To use a controversial or unsporting tactic to gain an advantage (especially in a game.)	To use an unconventional, all-in strategy to take one's opponent by surprise early in the game (especially for real-time strategy games).
cheese	intj	Said while being photographed, to give the impression of smiling.
beginning	noun	That which begins or originates something; the source or first cause.	That which is begun; a rudiment or element.	The act of doing that which begins anything; commencement of an action, state, or space of time; entrance into being or upon a course; the first act, effort, or state of a succession of acts or states.	The initial portion of some extended thing.
beginning	verb	present participle and gerund of begin
beginning	adj	Of or relating to the first portion of some extended thing.
permission	noun	Flags or access control lists pertaining to a file that dictate who can access it, and how.	The act of permitting.	authorisation; consent (especially formal consent from someone in authority)
permission	verb	To grant or obtain authorization for.
brave	adj	Foolish or unwise.	Having any sort of superiority or excellence.	Making a fine show or display.	Strong in the face of fear; courageous.
brave	noun	A Native American warrior.	A challenge; a defiance; bravado.	A man daring beyond discretion; a bully.
brave	verb	To adorn; to make fine or showy.	To encounter with courage and fortitude, to defy, to provoke.
recover	verb	To add a new roof membrane or steep-slope covering over an existing one.	To cover again.	To gain as compensation or reparation, usually by formal legal process.	To get back, to regain (a physical thing; in astronomy and navigation, sight of a thing or a signal).	To get better, to regain health or prosperity.	To make good by reparation; to make up for; to retrieve; to repair the loss or injury of.	To obtain a positive judgement; to win in a lawsuit.	To reach (a place), arrive at.	To recover from.	To regain one's composure, balance etc.	To replenish to, resume (a good state of mind or body).	To restore to good health, consciousness, life etc.	To salvage, to extricate, to rescue (a thing or person).
recover	noun	A position of holding a firearm during exercises, whereby the lock is at shoulder height and the sling facing out.	Recovery.	The forward movement in rowing, after one stroke to take another (recovery).
towards	prep	Alternative form of toward.
towards	adv	In the direction of something (indicated by context).
towards	adj	Near; at hand; in state of preparation; toward.
slip	verb	1981 December 12, Scott Tucker, “Bring On The Cannon”, in Gay Community News, volume 9, number 21, page 5	1981 December 12, Scott Tucker, “Bring On The Cannon”, in Gay Community News, volume 9, number 21, page 5:
Keith wants to have it both ways. He has engaged me in a political debate, but when his politics are challenged he slips behind a smoke-screen of anti-intellectualism.	2020, Dagulf Loptson, Pagan Portals - Loki: Trickster and Transformer	2020, Dagulf Loptson, Pagan Portals - Loki: Trickster and Transformer:
He was grey and had eight legs, and could travel anywhere and slip into any corner of 9 worlds. For this reason he was called Sleipnir ("the slipper) and was given to Oðinn as his steed.	Clipping of sideslip (“to fly with the longitudinal axis misaligned with the relative wind”).	He was grey and had eight legs, and could travel anywhere and slip into any corner of 9 worlds. For this reason he was called Sleipnir ("the slipper) and was given to Oðinn as his steed.	Keith wants to have it both ways. He has engaged me in a political debate, but when his politics are challenged he slips behind a smoke-screen of anti-intellectualism.	Some errors slipped into the appendix.	To accidentally reveal a secret or otherwise say something unintentionally.	To bring forth (young) prematurely; to slink.	To cause (a schedule or release, etc.) to go, or let it go, beyond the allotted deadline.	To cause to move smoothly and quickly; to slide; to convey gently or secretly.	To cause to slip or slide off, or out of place.	To cut slips from; to cut; to take off; to make a slip or slips of.	To elude or evade by smooth movement.	To err.	To lose one’s traction on a slippery surface; to slide due to a lack of friction.	To move down; to slide.	To move or fly (out of place); to shoot; often with out, off, etc.	To move quickly and often secretively; to depart, withdraw, enter, appear, intrude, or escape as if by sliding.	To omit; to lose by negligence.	To pass (a note, money, etc.), often covertly.	To release (a dog, a bird of prey, etc.) to go after a quarry.	To remove the skin of a soft fruit, such as a tomato or peach, by blanching briefly in boiling water, then transferring to cold water so that the skin peels, or slips, off easily.	slink
slip	noun	A berth; a space for a ship to moor.	A child's pinafore.	A counterfeit piece of money, made from brass covered with silver.	A descendant, a scion.	A difference between the theoretical distance traveled per revolution of the propeller and the actual advance of the vessel.	A dislocation of a lead, destroying continuity.	A fish, the sole.	A leash or string by which a dog is held; so called from its being made in such a manner as to slip, or become loose, by relaxation of the hand.	A long seat or narrow pew in churches, often without a door.	A long, thin piece of something.	A memorandum of the particulars of a risk for which a policy is to be executed. It usually bears the broker's name and is initiated by the underwriters.	A mistake or error.	A narrow passage between buildings.	A newsletter produced by the setter of a cryptic clue-writing competition, containing a full list of winners and commentary on the clues.	A number between 0 and 1 that is the difference between the angular speed of a rotating magnetic field and the angular speed of its rotor, divided by the angular speed of the magnetic field.	A one-time return to previous maladaptive behavior after cure.	A particular quantity of yarn.	A portion of the columns of a newspaper, etc., struck off by itself; a proof from a column of type when set up and in the galley.	A slipdress.	A slipway.	A small piece of paper, especially one longer than it is wide, typically a form for writing on or one giving printed information.	A thin, slippery mix of clay and water.	A twig or shoot; a cutting.	A woman's undergarment worn under a skirt or dress to conceal unwanted nudity that may otherwise be revealed by the skirt or dress itself; a shift.	A young person (now usually with of introducing descriptive qualifier).	An act or instance of slipping.	An escape; a secret or unexpected desertion.	An outside covering or case.	Any of several fielding positions to the off side of the wicket keeper, designed to catch the ball after being deflected from the bat; a fielder in that position (See first slip, second slip, third slip, fourth slip and fifth slip.)	Clipping of sideslip.	Either side of the gallery in a theater.	Matter found in troughs of grindstones after the grinding of edge tools.	Mud, slime.	The difference between the actual and synchronous speeds of an induction motor.	The motion of the centre of resistance of the float of a paddle wheel, or the blade of an oar, through the water horizontally, or the difference between a vessel's actual speed and the speed it would have if the propelling instrument acted upon a solid; also, the velocity, relatively to still water, of the backward current of water produced by the propeller.	The positional displacement in a sequence of transmitted symbols that causes the loss or insertion of one or more symbols.
trade	noun	A masculine man available for casual sex with men, often for pay. (Compare rough trade.)	A particular instance of buying or selling.	A publication intended for participants in an industry or related group of industries.	A track or trail; a way; a path; passage.	An instance of bartering items in exchange for one another.	An occupation in the secondary sector, as opposed to an agricultural, professional or military one.	Buying and selling of goods and services on a market.	Course; custom; practice; occupation.	Instruments of any occupation.	Refuse or rubbish from a mine.	Short for trade paperback	Steady winds blowing from east to west above and below the equator.	The business given to a commercial establishment by its customers.	The skilled practice of a practical occupation.	Those engaged in an industry or group of related industries.	Those who perform a particular kind of skilled work.
trade	verb	To be traded at a certain price or under certain conditions.	To do business; offer for sale as for one's livelihood.	To engage in trade.	To give (something) in exchange (for).	To give someone a plant and receive a different one in return.	To have dealings; to be concerned or associated (with).	To mutually exchange (something) (with).	To recommend and get recommendations.	To use or exploit a particular aspect, such as a name, reputation, or image, to gain advantage or benefit.
trade	adj	Of a product, produced for sale in the ordinary bulk retail trade and hence of only the most basic quality.
weird	adj	Connected with fate or destiny; able to influence fate.	Deviating from the normal; bizarre.	Having an unusually strange character or behaviour.	Having supernatural or preternatural power.	Of or pertaining to the Fates.	Of or pertaining to witches or witchcraft; supernatural; unearthly; suggestive of witches, witchcraft, or unearthliness; wild; uncanny.	Relating to weird fiction ("a macabre subgenre of speculative fiction").
weird	noun	A prediction.	A spell or charm.	Fate; destiny; luck.	That which comes to pass; a fact.	The Fates.	Weirdness.
weird	verb	To destine; doom; change by witchcraft or sorcery.	To warn solemnly; adjure.
weird	adv	In a strange manner.
strength	noun	A positive attribute.	A strong place; a stronghold.	An armed force, a body of troops.	The intensity of a force or power; potency.	The minimum ratio of the number of edges removed from a given graph to components created, over all possible removals.	The quality or degree of being strong.	The strongest part of something; that on which confidence or reliance is based.
strength	verb	To strengthen (all senses).
poet	noun	A person who writes poems.	A person with a creative or romantic imagination.
abandon	verb	To cast out; to banish; to expel; to reject.	To desist in doing, practicing, following, holding, or adhering to; to turn away from; to permit to lapse; to renounce; to discontinue.	To give up or relinquish control of, to surrender or to give oneself over, or to yield to one's emotions.	To leave behind; to desert, as in a ship, a position, or a person, typically in response to overwhelming odds or impending dangers; to forsake, in spite of a duty or responsibility.	To no longer exercise a right, title, or interest, especially with no interest of reclaiming it again; to yield; to relinquish.	To subdue; to take control of.	To surrender to the insurer (an insured item), so as to claim a total loss.
abandon	noun	A yielding to natural impulses or inhibitions; freedom from artificial constraint, with loss of appreciation of consequences. (Now especially in the phrase with abandon.)	Abandonment; relinquishment.
honor	noun	(Courses for) an honours degree: a university qualification of the highest rank.	A cause of respect and fame; a glory; an excellency; an ornament.	A privilege (which honors the person experiencing it).	A seigniory or lordship held of the king, on which other lordships and manors depended.	A token of praise or respect; something that represents praiseworthiness or respect, such as a prize or award given by the state to a citizen.	In bridge, an ace, king, queen, jack, or ten especially of the trump suit; in some other games, an ace, king, queen or jack.	Recognition of importance or value; respect; veneration (of someone, usually for being morally upright or successful).	The center point of the upper half of an armorial escutcheon (compare honour point).	The privilege of going first.	The right to play one's ball before one's opponent.	The state of being morally upright, honest, noble, virtuous, and magnanimous; excellence of character; the perception of such a state; favourable reputation; dignity.	a dragon or wind tile.
honor	verb	To confer (bestow) an honour or privilege upon (someone).	To conform to, abide by, act in accordance with (an agreement, treaty, promise, request, or the like).	To make payment in respect of (a cheque, banker's draft, etc.).	To think of highly, to respect highly; to show respect for; to recognise the importance or spiritual value of.
honor	intj	On one's honor; truthfully.
being	verb	present participle and gerund of be
being	noun	A living creature.	An abode; a cottage.	One's basic nature, or the qualities thereof; essence or personality.	That which has actuality (materially or in concept).	The state or fact of existence, consciousness, or life, or something in such a state.
being	conj	Given that; since.
grass	noun	A lawn.	An informer, police informer; one who betrays a group (of criminals, etc) to the authorities.	Any plant of the family Poaceae, characterized by leaves that arise from nodes in the stem and leaf bases that wrap around the stem, especially those grown as ground cover rather than for grain.	Asparagus; "sparrowgrass".	Marijuana.	Noise on an A-scope or similar type of radar display.	Sharp, closely spaced discontinuities in the trace of a cathode-ray tube, produced by random interference.	That which is transitory.	The outside world, especially in the phrase "touch grass".	The season of fresh grass; spring or summer.	The surface of a mine.	Various plants not in family Poaceae that resemble grasses.
grass	verb	To act as a grass or informer, to betray; to report on (criminals etc) to the authorities.	To bring to the grass or ground; to land.	To cover with grass or with turf.	To expose, as flax, on the grass for bleaching, etc.	To feed with grass.	To lay out on the grass; to knock down (an opponent etc.).
retire	verb	To cause to retire; specifically, to designate as no longer qualified for active service; to place on the retired list.	To cease use or production of something.	To fit (a vehicle) with new tires.	To go back or return; to withdraw or retreat, especially from public view; to go into privacy.	To go to bed.	To make a play which results in a runner or the batter being out, either by means of a put out, fly out or strikeout. Also, when such an event ends a team's turn at bat.	To recede; to fall or bend back.	To retreat from action or danger; to withdraw for safety or pleasure.	To stop playing their sport and in competitions a sports player.	To stop working on a permanent basis, usually because of old age or illness.	To voluntarily stop batting before being dismissed so that the next batsman can bat.	To withdraw from circulation, or from the market; to take up and pay.	To withdraw; to take away.
retire	noun	A call sounded on a bugle, announcing to skirmishers that they are to retire, or fall back.	A place to which one retires.	The act of retiring, or the state of being retired.
wheres	noun	plural of where
impress	verb	To affect (someone) strongly and often favourably.	To compel (someone) to serve in a military force.	To fix deeply in the mind; to present forcibly to the attention, etc.; to imprint; to inculcate.	To make an impression, to be impressive.	To mark or stamp (something) using pressure.	To produce (a mark, stamp, image, etc.); to imprint (a mark or figure upon something).	To produce a vivid impression of (something).	To seize or confiscate (property) by force.
impress	noun	A heraldic device; an impresa.	A stamp or seal used to make an impression.	An impression on the mind, imagination etc.	An impression; an impressed image or copy of something.	Characteristic; mark of distinction; stamp.	The act of impressing, or taking by force for the public service; compulsion to serve; also, that which is impressed.	The act of impressing.
neck	noun	A bundle of wheat used in certain English harvest ceremonies.	A falsehood; a lie.	A long narrow tract of land projecting from the main body, or a narrow tract connecting two larger tracts.	A person's life.	A reduction in size near the end of an object, formed by a groove around it.	A shapeshifting water spirit in Germanic mythology and folklore; a nix.	A volcanic plug, solidified lava filling the vent of an extinct volcano.	Fellatio	The constriction between the root and crown of a tooth.	The corresponding part in some other anatomical contexts.	The extension of any stringed instrument on which a fingerboard is mounted	The gorgerin of a capital.	The part of a shirt, dress etc., which fits a person's neck.	The part of the body connecting the head and the trunk found in humans and some animals.	The slender tubelike extension atop an archegonium, through which the sperm swim to reach the egg.	The small part of a gun between the chase and the swell of the muzzle.	The tapered part of a bottle toward the opening.
neck	verb	To decrease in diameter.	To drink or swallow rapidly.	To hang by the neck; strangle; kill, eliminate.	To make love; to intently kiss or cuddle; to canoodle.
celebrate	verb	To engage in joyful activity in appreciation of an event.	To extol or honour in a solemn manner.	To honour by rites, by ceremonies of joy and respect, or by refraining from ordinary business; to observe duly.	To perform or participate in, as a sacrament or solemn rite; to perform with appropriate rites.
obvious	adj	Easily discovered, seen, or understood; self-explanatory.
friendship	noun	A friendly relationship, or a relationship as friends.	Good will.	The condition of being friends.
cancer	noun	A disease in which the cells of a tissue undergo uncontrolled (and often rapid) proliferation.	Something damaging that spreads throughout something else.
cancer	adj	Extremely unpleasant and annoying.
ghost	noun	A copy of a file or record.	A covert (and deniable) agent.	A dead person whose identity is stolen by another (see ghosting).	A disembodied soul; a soul or spirit of a deceased person; a spirit appearing after death.	A faint image that remains after an attempt to remove graffiti.	A false image formed in a telescope, camera, or other optical device by reflection from the surfaces of one or more lenses.	A formerly nonexistent character that was at some point mistakenly encoded into a character set standard, which might have since become used opportunistically for some genuine purpose.	A game in which players take turns to add a letter to a possible word, trying not to complete a word.	A nonexistent person invented to obtain some (typically fraudulent) benefit.	A spirit; a human soul.	Abandoned.	An opponent in a racing game that follows a previously recorded route, allowing players to compete against previous best times.	An understudy.	An unphysical state in a gauge theory.	An unresponsive user on IRC, resulting from the user's client disconnecting without notifying the server.	An unwanted image similar to and overlapping or adjacent to the main one on a television screen, caused by the transmitted image being received both directly and via reflection.	Any faint shadowy semblance; an unsubstantial image.	Ellipsis of ghost pepper.	Ellipsis of ghostwriter.	Of cryptid, supernatural or extraterrestrial nature.	Perceived or listed but not real.	Remnant; remains of a(n).	Someone whose identity cannot be established because there are no records of such a person.	Substitute.	Transparent or translucent.	White or pale.
ghost	verb	To appear or move without warning, quickly and quietly; to slip.	To copy a file or record.	To die; to expire.	To forcibly disconnect an IRC user who is using one's reserved nickname.	To ghostwrite.	To gray out (a visual item) to indicate that it is unavailable.	To haunt; to appear to in the form of an apparition.	To imbue with a ghost-like hue or effect.	To kill.	To perform an act of ghosting: to break up with someone without warning or explanation; to ignore someone, especially on social media.	To provide the speaking or singing voice for another actor, who is lip-syncing.	To sail seemingly without wind.	To transfer (a prisoner) to another prison without the prior knowledge of other inmates.
ghost	adj	Gone; absent; not present or involved.
custom	noun	A custom (made-to-order) piece of art, etc.	Familiar acquaintance; familiarity.	Frequent repetition of the same behavior; way of behavior common to many; ordinary manner; habitual practice; method of doing, living or behaving.	Habitual buying of goods from one same vendor.	Long-established practice, considered as unwritten law, and resting for authority on long consent. Compare prescription.	The habitual patrons (i.e. customers) of a business; business support.	Toll, tax, or tribute.	Traditional beliefs or rituals.
custom	adj	Accustomed; usual.	Done on a for-hire basis, as contrasted with being done only for oneself.	Made or done in a way adjusted to fit the needs of a particular person or group (e.g., customer, health care patient, do-it-yourselfer), and thus specialized and, in some cases, unique.	Own, personal, not standard or premade.
custom	verb	To have a custom.	To make familiar; to accustom.	To pay the customs of.	To supply with customers.
goods	noun	A person or animal, etc., with reference to its characteristics.	Ellipsis of goods train.	Freight, as opposed to passengers.	Something authentic, important, or revealing.	That which is produced, then traded, bought or sold, then finally consumed.	The female body, especially when seen as desirable.	The male genitals.	plural of good
goods	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of good
airplane	noun	A game to encourage small children to eat, in which the parent or carer pretends a spoonful of food is an aircraft flying into the child's mouth.	A powered heavier-than-air aircraft with fixed wings.
airplane	verb	To fly in an aeroplane.	To transport by aeroplane.
disappoint	verb	To deprive (someone of something expected or hoped for).	To fail to meet (an expectation); to fail to fulfil (a hope).	To prevent (something planned or attempted).	To sadden or displease (someone) by underperforming, or by not delivering something promised or hoped for.	To show (an opinion, belief, etc.) to be mistaken.
divide	verb	Of a cell, to reproduce by dividing.	To be a divisor of.	To break friendship; to fall out.	To calculate the number (the quotient) by which you must multiply one given number (the divisor) to produce a second given number (the dividend).	To cause (a group of people) to disagree.	To disunite in opinion or interest; to make discordant or hostile; to set at variance.	To have a share; to partake.	To mark divisions on; to graduate.	To play or sing in a florid style, or with variations.	To separate into two or more parts.	To share (something) by dividing it.	To split or separate (something) into two or more parts.	To vote, as in the British parliament and other legislatures, by the members separating themselves into two parties (as on opposite sides of the hall or in opposite lobbies), that is, the ayes dividing from the noes.
divide	noun	A distancing between two people or things.	A large chasm, gorge, or ravine between two areas of land.	A thing that divides.	An act of dividing.	The topographical boundary dividing two adjacent catchment basins, such as a ridge or a crest.
coin	noun	A corner or external angle.	A piece of currency, usually metallic and in the shape of a disc, but sometimes polygonal, or with a hole in the middle.	A small circular slice of food.	A token used in a special establishment like a casino.	Ellipsis of cryptocoin; a cryptocurrency.	Money in general, not limited to coins.	One of the suits of minor arcana in tarot, or a card of that suit.	Something in broad circulation or use.	That which serves for payment or recompense.
coin	verb	To acquire rapidly, as money; to make.	To make of a definite fineness, and convert into coins, as a mass of metal.	To make or fabricate (especially a word or phrase).
praise	noun	Commendation; favourable representation in words.	Worship.
praise	verb	To give praise to; to commend, glorify, or worship.
intention	noun	A course of action that a person intends to follow.	A stretching or bending of the mind toward an object or a purpose (an intent); closeness of application; fixedness of attention; earnestness.	Any mental apprehension of an object.	Tension; straining, stretching.	The goal or purpose.	The object toward which the thoughts are directed; end; aim.	The process of the healing of a wound.
intention	verb	To intend.
mirror	noun	A kind of political self-help book, advising kings, princes, etc. on how to behave.	A mirror carp.	A smooth surface, usually made of glass with reflective material painted on the underside, that reflects light so as to give an image of what is in front of it.	A website or server that contains replicated data from another site.	An object, person, or event that reflects or gives a picture of another.
mirror	verb	Of an event, activity, behavior, to be identical to; to be a copy of; to imitate closely.	To act as a reflection of, either by being identical to, or by being identical but reversed.	To create something identical to (a website, etc.).	To reflect, as in a mirror.
cash	noun	A place where money is kept, or where it is deposited and paid out; a money box.	An instance of winning a cash prize.	Any of several similar coins in Southeast and East Asia, particularly the imperial Chinese copper coin.	Cash register, or the counter in a business where the cash register is located.	Liquid assets, money that can be traded quickly, as distinct from assets that are invested and cannot be easily exchanged.	Money in the form of notes or bills and coins, as opposed to checks, credit or electronic transactions.	Money.	The low-denomination coin of southern India until 1818.
cash	verb	To disband. To do away with, to kill.	To exchange (a check/cheque) for money in the form of notes/bills.	To obtain a payout from a tournament.
cash	adj	Great; excellent; cool.
childhood	noun	The early stages of development of something.	The state of being a child.	The time during which one is a child, from between infancy and puberty.
wild	adj	Able to stand in for others, e.g. a card in games, or a text character in computer pattern matching.	Amazing, awesome, unbelievable.	Being in the wild, by any pathway (whether by being of the wild type, by being feral since birth, or by being feral after escape from domesticated life).	Disheveled, tangled, or untidy.	Enthusiastic.	Especially, being of the wild type: being of an unbroken ancestral line of undomesticated animals, as opposed to being feral, being an undomesticated animal whose ancestors were domesticated.	Exposed to the wind and sea; unsheltered.	From or relating to wild creatures.	Furious; very angry.	Hard to steer.	Not capable of being represented as a finite closed polygonal chain.	Of an audio recording: intended to be synchronized with film or video but recorded separately.	Of unregulated and varying frequency.	Raucous, unruly, or licentious.	Unrestrained or uninhibited.	Untamed; not domesticated.	Very inaccurate; far off the mark.	Very unexpected; wildly surprising; crazy, diabolical.	Visibly and overtly anxious; frantic.
wild	adv	Inaccurately; not on target.	Intended to be synchronized with film or video but recorded separately.
wild	noun	A wilderness.	Alternative form of weald.	The undomesticated state of a wild animal.
wild	verb	(In the form wilding or wildin') To act in a strange or unexpected way.	To commit random acts of assault, robbery, and rape in an urban setting, especially as a gang.
stair	noun	A series of steps; a staircase.	A single step in a staircase.
thats	noun	plural of that
thats	pron	whose, of which
thats	contraction	Obsolete form of that's.
possibility	noun	A thing possible; that which may take place or come into being.	An option or choice, usually used in context with future events.	Capability, power or capacity to act.	The quality of being possible.
fan	noun	A hand-held device consisting of concertinaed material, or slats of material, gathered together at one end, that may be opened out into the shape of a sector of a circle and waved back and forth in order to move air towards oneself and cool oneself.	A person who is fond of something or someone, especially an admirer of a performer or aficionado of a sport.	A section of a tree having a finite number of branches	A small vane or sail, used to keep the large sails of a smock mill always in the direction of the wind.	A unit of length, equivalent to 0.1 tsun (0.01 chek), or 0.00371475 metres.	An electrical or mechanical device for moving air, used for cooling people, machinery, etc.	An instrument for winnowing grain, by moving which the grain is tossed and agitated, and the chaff is separated and blown away.	Anything resembling a hand-held fan in shape, e.g., a peacock’s tail.	The action of fanning; agitation of the air.
fan	verb	To apply (the air brake) many times in rapid succession.	To blow air on (something) by means of a fan (hand-held, mechanical or electrical) or otherwise.	To dispel by waving a hand-held fan.	To invigorate, like flames when fanned.	To move or spread in multiple directions from one point, in the shape of a hand-held fan.	To perform a maneuver that involves flicking the top rear of an old-style gun.	To slap (a behind, especially).	To strike out (a batter).	To strike out.	To winnow grain.
writing	noun	A work of an author.	Graphism of symbols such as letters that express some meaning.	Intended for or used in writing.	Something written, such as a document, article or book.	The process of representing a language with symbols or letters.	The style of writing of a person.
writing	verb	present participle and gerund of write
fifty	num	The cardinal number occurring after forty-nine and before fifty-one.
fifty	noun	A banknote or coin with a denomination of 50.	A batsman's score of at least 50 runs and less than 100 runs.
snake	noun	A flavoured jube (confectionary) in the shape of a snake.	A person who acts deceitfully for personal or social gain; a treacherous person.	A series of Bézier curves.	A tool for unclogging plumbing.	A tool to aid cable pulling.	An informer; a rat.	Any of the suborder Serpentes of legless reptile with long, thin bodies and fork-shaped tongues.	Ellipsis of black snake (“firework that creates a trail of ash”).	Ellipsis of snake in the tunnel.	The seventh Lenormand card.	Trouser snake; the penis.
snake	verb	To clean using a plumbing snake.	To drag or draw, as a snake from a hole; often with out.	To follow or move in a winding route.	To inform; to rat; often with out.	To steal slyly.	To wind round spirally, as a large rope with a smaller, or with cord, the small rope lying in the spaces between the strands of the large one; to worm.
measure	noun	A bed or stratum.	A course of action.	A dance.	A function which obeys a particular set of formal conditions, created to generalize and rigorize the notions of length, volume, and probability. Formally, a non-negative, countably additive set function on a sigma-algebra; see Measure (mathematics) on Wikipedia.Wikipedia	A limit that cannot be exceeded; a bound. (Now chiefly in set phrases.)	A melody.	A musical designation consisting of all notes and or rests delineated by two vertical bars; an equal and regular division of the whole of a composition; a bar.	A number which is contained in a given number a number of times without a remainder; a divisor or factor.	A piece of legislation.	A prescribed quantity or extent.	A receptacle or vessel of a standard size, capacity etc. as used to deal out specific quantities of some substance.	A ruler, measuring stick, or graduated tape used to take measurements.	A standard against which something can be judged; a criterion.	A unit of measurement.	Actions designed to achieve some purpose; plans.	An (unspecified) portion or quantity.	Any of various standard units of capacity.	Metrical rhythm.	Moderation, temperance.	The act or process of measuring.	The act or result of measuring.	The manner of ordering and combining the quantities, or long and short syllables; meter; rhythm; hence, a metrical foot.	The size of someone or something, as ascertained by measuring. (Now chiefly in make to measure.)
measure	verb	To adjust by a rule or standard.	To allot or distribute by measure; to set off or apart by measure; often with.	To ascertain the quantity of a unit of material via calculated comparison with respect to a standard.	To be of (a certain size), to have (a certain measurement)	To estimate the unit size of something.	To judge, value, or appraise.	To obtain or set apart; to mark in even increments.	To regulate or control (one's actions, speech, etc.), as if one were carefully measuring their length or quantity.	To traverse, cross, pass along; to travel over.
center	noun	A certain mechanical implement functioning in the middle of a whole apparatus	A conical recess or indentation in the end of a shaft or other work, to receive the point of a center, on which the work can turn, as in a lathe.	A pass played into the centre of the pitch.	A place, especially a building or complex, set aside for some specified function or activity.	A player in the middle of a playing area.	A player who can go all over the court, except the shooting circles.	A temporary structure upon which the materials of a vault or arch are supported in position until the work becomes self-supporting.	A topic that is particularly important in a given context, the element in a subject of cognition, volition or discussion that is perceived as decisive.	One of the backs operating in a central area of the pitch, either the inside centre or outside centre.	One of the two conical steel pins in a lathe, etc., upon which the work is held, and about which it revolves.	The ensemble of moderate or centrist political parties.	The forward that generally plays between the left wing and right wing and usually takes the faceoffs.	The innermost point of the Earth, or the Earth itself, as the center or foundation of the Universe; the center or foundation of the Universe abstractly.	The middle portion of something; the part well away from the edges.	The person who holds the ball at the beginning of each play.	The player, generally the tallest, who plays closest to the basket.	The point in the interior of a circle that is equidistant from all points on the circumference.	The point in the interior of a sphere that is equidistant from all points on the circumference.	The point in the interior of any figure of any number of dimensions that has as its coordinates the arithmetic mean of the coordinates of all points on the perimeter of the figure (or of all points in the interior for a center of volume).	The point on a line that is midway between the ends.	The ring in the gambling game two-up in which the spinner operates.	The set of those elements (of a given algebraic structure) that commute with every other element, usually denoted Z(G). In the case of (semi-)groups, it is required that they commute under the (semi-)group operation; in the case of rings and (Lie) algebras, under multiplication (i.e. the bracket for Lie algebras)	The venue in which the head of government in a centralized state is situated.
center	adj	Of, at, or related to a center.
center	verb	To cause (an object) to occupy the center of an area.	To cause (some attribute, such as a mood or voltage) to be adjusted to a value which is midway between the extremes.	To concentrate on (something), to pay close attention to (something).	To form a recess or indentation for the reception of a center.	To give (something) a central basis.
period	noun	A Drosophila gene, the gene product of which is involved in regulation of the circadian rhythm.	A complete sentence, especially one expressing a single thought or making a balanced, rhythmic whole.	A decisive end to something; a stop.	A geochronologic unit of millions to tens of millions of years; a subdivision of an era, and subdivided into epochs.	A length of time in history seen as a single coherent entity; an epoch, era.	A length of time.	A row in the periodic table of the elements.	A section of an artist's, writer's (etc.) career distinguished by a given quality, preoccupation etc.	A specific moment during a given process; a point, a stage.	An end or conclusion; the final point of a process, a state, an event, etc.	Each of the divisions into which a school day is split, allocated to a given subject or activity.	Each of the intervals, typically three, of which a game is divided.	Female menstruation; an episode of this.	One or more additional intervals to decide a tied game, an overtime period.	The length of an interval over which a periodic function, periodic sequence or repeating decimal repeats; often the least such length.	The length of time during which the same characteristics of a periodic phenomenon recur, such as the repetition of a wave or the rotation of a planet.	The length of time for a disease to run its course.	The punctuation mark “.” (indicating the ending of a sentence or marking an abbreviation).	The set of symptoms associated with menstruation, even if not accompanied by menstruation; an episode of these symptoms.	Two phrases (an antecedent and a consequent phrase).
period	adj	Designating anything from a given historical era.	Evoking, or appropriate for, a particular historical period, especially through the use of elaborate costumes and scenery.
period	intj	That's final; that's the end of the matter (analogous to a period ending a sentence); end of story.
period	verb	To come to a period; to conclude.	To menstruate; to excrete menstrual blood.	To put an end to.
tough	adj	Difficult or demanding.	Difficult to cut or chew.	Harsh or severe.	Rowdy or rough.	Rugged or physically hardy.	Strict, not lenient.	Strong and resilient; sturdy.	Stubborn or persistent; capable of stubbornness or persistence.	Undergoing plastic deformation before breaking.
tough	intj	Used to indicate lack of sympathy
tough	noun	A person who obtains things by force; a thug or bully.
tough	verb	To endure.	To toughen.
freeze	verb	(of machines and software) To come to a sudden halt, stop working (functioning).	(of people and other animals) To stop (become motionless) or be stopped due to attentiveness, fear, surprise, etc.	Especially of a liquid, to become solid due to low temperature.	Of prices, spending etc., to keep at the same level, without any increase.	To be affected by extreme cold.	To cause loss of animation or life in, from lack of heat; to give the sensation of cold to; to chill.	To cause someone to become motionless.	To drop to a temperature below zero degrees celsius, where water turns to ice.	To lose or cause to lose warmth of feeling; to shut out; to ostracize.	To lower something's temperature to the point that it freezes or becomes hard.	To prevent from showing any visible change.	To prevent the movement or liquidation of a person's financial assets	To trap (the puck) so that it cannot be played.
freeze	noun	A block on pay rises or on the hiring of new employees etc.	A halt of a regular operation.	A period of intensely cold weather.	A precise draw weight shot where a delivered stone comes to a stand-still against a stationary stone, making it nearly impossible to knock out.	Obsolete form of frieze.	The state when either a single computer program, or the whole system ceases to respond to inputs.
Mike	noun	A radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter M.	An Irishman, especially a labourer.
Mike	name	A diminutive of the female given name Michaela.	A diminutive of the male given name Michael.
expert	adj	Characteristic of an expert.	Extraordinary capable or knowledgeable.	Proven, experienced, veteran.
expert	noun	A person with extensive knowledge or ability in a given subject.	A player ranking just below master.
sheep	noun	A member of the domestic species Ovis aries, the most well-known species of Ovis.	A person who is easily understood by a speech recognition system; contrasted with goat.	A religious adherent, a member of a congregation or religious community (compare flock).	A timid, shy person who is easily led by others.	A woolly ruminant of the genus Ovis.	Sheepskin leather.	plural of shoop
castle	noun	A close helmet.	A defense structure in shogi formed by defensive pieces surrounding the king.	A large residential building or compound that is fortified and contains many defences; in previous ages often inhabited by a nobleman or king. Also, a house or mansion with some of the architectural features of medieval castles.	A rook; a chess piece shaped like a castle tower.	A small tower, as on a ship, or an elephant's back.	An instance of castling.	Any strong, imposing, and stately palace or mansion.	The wicket.
castle	verb	To bowl a batsman with a full-length ball or yorker such that the stumps are knocked over.	To create a similar defensive position in Japanese chess through several moves.	To house or keep in a castle.	To make into a castle: to build in the form of a castle or add (real or imitation) battlements to an existing building.	To move the king 2 squares right or left and, in the same turn, the nearest rook to the far side of the king. The move now has special rules: the king cannot be in, go through, or end in check; the squares between the king and rook must be vacant; and neither piece may have been moved before castling.	To protect or separate in a similar way.
highly	adv	Extremely; greatly; very much.	In a high or esteemed manner.
p.m.	adv	In the 12-hour period from noon to midnight (the latter half of the day) when using the 12-hour clock.	after death
p.m.	noun	Abbreviation of palm muting.
professor	noun	A pianist in a saloon, brothel, etc.	A practitioner, one who (publicly) practises or teaches an art or skill.	A teacher or faculty member at a college or university regardless of formal rank.	One who professes something, such as a religious doctrine.	The most senior rank for an academic at a university or similar institution.	The puppeteer who performs a Punch and Judy show; a Punchman.
breathe	verb	To draw air into (inhale), and expel air from (exhale), the lungs in order to extract oxygen and excrete waste gases.	To draw something into the lungs.	To exchange gases with the environment.	To exercise; to tire by brisk exercise.	To exhale or expel (something) in the manner of breath.	To expel air from the lungs, exhale.	To give an impression of, to exude.	To inhale (a gas) to sustain life.	To inspire (scripture).	To live.	To pass like breath; noiselessly or gently; to emanate; to blow gently.	To passionately devote much of one's life to (an activity, etc.).	To rest; to stop and catch one's breath.	To stop, to give (a horse) an opportunity to catch its breath.	To take in needed gases and expel waste gases in a similar way.	To whisper quietly.
firm	noun	A business enterprise, however organized.	A business partnership; the name under which it trades.	A criminal gang, especially based around football hooliganism.
firm	adj	Durable, rigid (material state).	Fixed (in opinion).	Insistent upon something, not accepting dissent.	Mentally resistant to hurt or stress.	Not frivolous or fallacious; trustworthy; solid; dependable.	Steadfast, secure, solid (in position)
firm	adv	firmly, steadily
firm	verb	To become firm; stabilise.	To grit one's teeth and bear; to push through something unpleasant.	To improve after decline.	To make compact or resistant to pressure; solidify.	To make firm or strong; fix securely.	To select (a higher education institution) as one's preferred choice, so as to enrol automatically if one's grades match the conditional offer.	To shorten (of betting odds).
affect	verb	Of an illness or condition, to infect or harm (a part of the body).	To aim for, to try to obtain.	To assign; to appoint.	To burden (property) with a fixed charge or payment, or other condition or restriction.	To dispose or incline.	To feel affection for (someone); to like, be fond of.	To influence or alter.	To make a show of; to put on a pretense of; to feign; to assume. To make a false display of.	To move to emotion.	To show a fondness for (something); to choose.	To tend to by affinity or disposition.
affect	noun	A desire, an appetite.	A subjective feeling experienced in response to a thought or other stimulus; mood, emotion, especially as demonstrated in external physical signs.	One's mood or inclination; mental state.
skill	noun	A capacity to do something well; a technique, an ability, usually acquired or learned, as opposed to abilities that are regarded as innate.	Discrimination; judgment; propriety; reason; cause.	Display of art; exercise of ability; contrivance; address.	Knowledge; understanding.
skill	adj	Great, excellent.
skill	verb	To discern; have knowledge or understanding; to know how (to).	To have knowledge or comprehension; discern.	To have personal or practical knowledge; be versed or practised; be expert or dextrous.	To know; to understand.	To make a difference; signify; matter.	To set apart; separate.	To spend acquired points in exchange for skills.
neighborhood	noun	A formal or informal division of a municipality or region.	A set containing an open ball which contains a specified point.	A set containing an open set which contains some specified point.	Alternatively: An open ball which contains some specified point.	Alternatively: An open set which contains some specified point.	An approximate amount.	Close proximity; nearness.	The disposition becoming a neighbor; neighborly kindness or good will.	The infinitesimal open set of all points that may be reached directly from a given point.	The inhabitants of a residential area.	The quality of being a neighbor, of living nearby, next to each other; proximity.	The quality of physical proximity.	The residential area near one's home.	The set of all cells near a given cell used to determine that cell's state in the next generation.	The set of all the vertices adjacent to a given vertex.	Within a metric space:	Within a topological space:
stage	noun	A degree of advancement in a journey; one of several portions into which a road or course is marked off; the distance between two places of rest on a road.	A floor elevated for the convenience of mechanical work, etc.; scaffolding; staging.	A floor or storey of a house.	A level; one of the areas making up the game.	A phase.	A place of rest on a regularly travelled road; a station, way station; a place appointed for a relay of horses.	A place where anything is publicly exhibited, or a remarkable affair occurs; the scene.	A platform, often floating, serving as a kind of wharf.	A platform; a surface, generally elevated, upon which show performances or other public events are given.	A stagecoach, an enclosed horsedrawn carriage used to carry passengers; the service that such coaches provide; a company that operates such service.	An internship.	An unpaid internship in a restaurant where a cook or chef is exposed to new culinary techniques.	One of the portions of a device (such as a rocket or thermonuclear weapon) which are used or activated in a particular order, one after another.	The notional space within which stereo sounds are positioned, determining where they will appear to come from when played back.	The number of an electronic circuit’s block, such as a filter, an amplifier, etc.	The place on a microscope where the slide is located for viewing.	The profession of an actor.	The succession of rock strata laid down in a single age on the geologic time scale.
stage	verb	To demonstrate in a deceptive manner.	To determine what stage (a disease, etc.) has progressed to	To jettison a spent stage of a multistage rocket or other launch vehicle and light the engine(s) of the stage above it.	To orchestrate; to carry out.	To place in position to prepare for use.	To produce on a stage, to perform a play.	To work an internship, usually as a chef or waiter.	To work as an unpaid intern in a restaurant.
unable	adj	Not able; lacking a certain ability.
unable	intj	Indicating that a requested course of action is not possible to carry out.
unable	verb	To render unable; to disable.
bind	verb	To associate an identifier with a value; to associate a variable name, method name, etc. with the content of a storage location.	To be restrained from motion, or from customary or natural action, as by friction.	To cohere or stick together in a mass.	To complain; to whine about something.	To confine, restrain, or hold by physical force or influence of any kind.	To couple.	To cover, as with a bandage.	To exert a binding or restraining influence.	To make fast (a thing) about or upon something, as by tying; to encircle with something.	To make two or more elements stick together.	To oblige, restrain, or hold, by authority, law, duty, promise, vow, affection, or other social tie.	To place under legal obligation to serve.	To prevent or restrain from customary or natural action, as by producing constipation.	To process one or more object modules into an executable program.	To protect or strengthen by applying a band or binding, as the edge of a carpet or garment.	To put (a person) under definite legal obligations, especially, under the obligation of a bond or covenant.	To put together in a cover, as of books.	To tie or fasten tightly together, with a cord, band, ligature, chain, etc.	To tie; to confine by any ligature.	To wear a binder so as to flatten one's chest to give the appearance of a flat chest, usually done by trans men.
bind	noun	A ligature or tie for grouping notes.	A strong grip or stranglehold on a position, which is difficult for the opponent to break.	A troublesome situation; a problem; a predicament or quandary.	Any twining or climbing plant or stem, especially a hop vine; a bine.	That which binds or ties.	The indurated clay of coal mines, or other overlying substances such as sandstone or shale.
conference	noun	A constituent tournament of a sports league in a given season.	A formal event where scientists present their research results in speeches, workshops, posters or by other means.	A group of sports teams that play each other on a regular basis.	A multilateral diplomatic negotiation.	A stated meeting of preachers and others, invested with authority to take cognizance of ecclesiastical matters.	A voluntary association of Congregational churches of a district; the district in which such churches are.	An event organized by a for-profit or non-profit organization to discuss a pressing issue, such as a new product, market trend or government regulation, with a range of speakers.	The act of comparing two or more things together; comparison.	The act of consulting together formally; serious conversation or discussion; interchange of views.
conference	verb	To assess (a student) by one-on-one conversation, rather than an examination.
nurse	noun	A larva of certain trematodes, which produces cercariae by asexual reproduction.	A lieutenant or first officer who takes command when the captain is unfit for his place.	A medical worker performing this role, typically someone trained to provide such care but having credentials and rank below a doctor or physician assistant.	A medical worker, such as a registered nurse, having training, credentials, and rank above a nurse assistant.	A nurse shark or dogfish.	A person (usually a woman) who takes care of other people’s children.	A person involved in providing direct care for the sick:	A shrub or tree that protects a young plant.	A wet nurse.	Anyone performing this role, regardless of training or profession.	One who, or that which, brings up, rears, causes to grow, trains, or fosters.
nurse	verb	To breastfeed: to be fed at the breast.	To breastfeed: to feed (a baby) at the breast; to suckle.	To care for (someone), especially in sickness; to tend to.	To cultivate or persistently entertain (an attitude, usually negative) in one's mind; to brood or obsess over.	To drink (a beverage) slowly, so as to make it last.	To hold closely to one's chest.	To manage or oversee (something) with care and economy.	To strike (billiard balls) gently, so as to keep them in good position during a series of shots.	To tend gently and with extra care.
sweater	noun	A London street ruffian in Queen Anne's time who prodded passers-by with his sword-point.	A diaphoretic remedy.	A knitted jacket or jersey, usually of thick wool, worn by athletes before or after exercise.	A similar garment worn for warmth.	An exploitative middleman who subcontracted piece work in the tailoring trade.	One who or that which causes to sweat.	One who sweats (produces sweat).	One who sweats coins, i.e. removes small portions by shaking them.
sweater	verb	To dress in a sweater.
cousin	noun	A female sexual partner who is not a person's wife; specifically, a prostitute.	A person of an ethnicity or nationality regarded as closely related to someone of another ethnicity or nationality.	A person who is swindled; a dupe.	A person who womanizes; a seducer, a womanizer.	Chiefly with a qualifying word: Any relation (especially a distant one) who is not a direct ancestor or descendant but part of a person's extended family; a kinsman or kinswoman.	Preceded by an ordinal number, as first, second, third, etc.: a person descended from a common ancestor by the same number of generations as another person.	Something kindred or related to something else; a relative.	Used as a term of address for someone whom one is close to; also, (preceding a first name, sometimes capitalized as Cousin) a title for such a person.	Used by a monarch to address another monarch, or a noble; specifically (British) in commissions and writs by the Crown: used in this way to address a viscount or another peer of higher rank.	When used without a qualifying word: the child of a person's parent's brother (that is, an uncle) or sister (an aunt); a cousin-german, a first cousin.
cousin	verb	To address (someone) as "cousin".	To associate with someone or something on a close basis.	To regard (oneself or someone) as a cousin to another person.	To visit a cousin or other relation.
Canadian	adj	Of, belonging to, or relating to Canada, its culture, or people.	Of, belonging to, or relating to Canadian English.	Of, belonging to, or relating to Canadian French.
Canadian	noun	A native or inhabitant of Canada.	Canadian national championship.	canoe (short for Canadian canoe, as opposed to kayak)
Canadian	name	A city, the county seat of Hemphill County, Texas, situated on the Canadian River.	A town in Pittsburg County, Oklahoma.	The Canadian River, a river in New Mexico, the Texas Panhandle, and Oklahoma in the United States, which is a tributary of the Arkansas River.	The English language (spoken or written) as used in Canada; Canadian English.
website	noun	A collection of interlinked web pages on the World Wide Web that are typically accessible from the same base URL and reside on the same server.
juice	noun	A beverage made of juice.	A liquid from a plant, especially fruit.	A soft drink.	Any liquid resembling juice.	Any source or enabler of significant positive effects.	Battery life.	Electricity.	Liquor.	Musical agreement between instrumentalists.	Petrol; gasoline.	Political power.	Semen.	Steroids.	The amount charged by a bookmaker for betting services.	The leftover liquid of some wet or damp substance.	The liquid that is used to submerge a substance kept in a container	The vaginal lubrication that a female naturally produces when sexually aroused.	Vitality; strength.	bodily secretion, especially that secreted by the glands of the stomach and intestines.
juice	verb	To energize or stimulate something.	To extract the juice from something.	To have sexual intercourse with.	To take a performance-enhancing drug.
juice	adj	Alternative spelling of Jew's (used in certain set phrases like juice harp)
meter	noun	A device that measures things.	A line above or below a hanging net, to which the net is attached in order to strengthen it.	A parking meter or similar device for collecting payment.	A poem.	Alternative form of metre.	One who metes or measures.
meter	verb	To imprint a postage mark with a postage meter.	To measure with a metering device.	To regulate the flow of or to deliver in regulated amounts (usually of fluids but sometimes of other things such as anticipation or breath).
actor	noun	A person who acts a part in a theatrical play or (later) in film or television; a dramatic performer.	An advocate or proctor in civil courts or causes.	Someone acting on behalf of someone else; a guardian.	Someone or something that takes part in some action; a doer, an agent.	Someone who institutes a legal suit; a plaintiff or complainant.	The entity that performs a role (in use case analysis).	The subject performing the action of a verb.
content	adj	Contained.	Satisfied, pleased, contented.
content	noun	A member who votes in assent.	Acquiescence without examination.	An expression of assent to a bill or motion; an affirmative vote.	Capacity for containing.	One or more creative works.	Satisfaction, contentment; pleasure.	Subject matter; semantic information (or a portion or body thereof); that which is contained in writing, speech, video, etc.	That which contents or satisfies; that which if attained would make one happy.	That which is contained.	The amount of material contained.	The greatest common divisor of the coefficients; (of a polynomial with coefficients in an integral domain) the common factor of the coefficients which, when removed, leaves the adjusted coefficients with no common factor that is noninvertible.	The n-dimensional space contained by an n-dimensional polytope (called volume in the case of a polyhedron and area in the case of a polygon); length, area or volume, generalized to an arbitrary number of dimensions.	The potential of creative work for a content creator.
content	intj	Alright, agreed.
content	verb	To give contentment or satisfaction to; to satisfy; to make happy.	To satisfy the expectations of; to pay; to requite.
engage	verb	To arrange to employ or use (a worker, a space, etc.).	To attract, to please; (archaic) to fascinate or win over (someone).	To bind through legal or moral obligation (to do something, especially to marry) (usually in passive).	To come into gear with.	To draw into conversation.	To engross or hold the attention of; to keep busy or occupied.	To entangle.	To enter into battle.	To enter into conflict with (an enemy).	To guarantee or promise (to do something).	To interact antagonistically.	To interact contractually.	To interact mechanically.	To interact socially.	To mesh or interlock (of machinery, especially a clutch).	To pledge, pawn (one's property); to put (something) at risk or on the line; to mortgage (houses, land).
design	noun	A pattern, as an element of a work of art or architecture.	A plan (with more or less detail) for the structure and functions of an artifact, building or system.	A specification of an object or process, referring to requirements to be satisfied and thus conditions to be met for them to solve a problem.	Intention or plot.	Malicious or malevolent intention.	The art of designing	The composition of a work of art.	The shape or appearance given to an object, especially one that is intended to make it more attractive.
design	verb	1863, Sheridan Le Fanu, The House by the Churchyard	1863, Sheridan Le Fanu, The House by the Churchyard:
She designed his retirement from the Royal Irish Artillery, and had negociated an immediate berth for him on the Staff of the Commander of the Forces, and a prospective one in the household of Lord Townshend	She designed his retirement from the Royal Irish Artillery, and had negociated an immediate berth for him on the Staff of the Commander of the Forces, and a prospective one in the household of Lord Townshend	To assign, appoint (something to someone); to designate.	To manifest requirements to be satisfied by an object or process for them to solve a problem.	To mark out and exhibit; to designate; to indicate; to show; to point out; to appoint.	To plan (to do something).	To plan and carry out (a picture, work of art, construction etc.).
engine	noun	A complex mechanical device which converts energy into useful motion or physical effects.	A large construction used in warfare, such as a battering ram, catapult etc.	A locomotive.	A person or group of people which influence a larger group; a driving force.	A self-powered vehicle used for moving cars along a track.	A software or hardware system responsible for a specific technical task (usually with qualifying word).	A tool; a utensil or implement.	Anything used to effect a purpose; any device or contrivance; an agent.	Ingenuity; cunning, trickery, guile.	Natural talent; genius.	The part of a car or other vehicle which provides the force for motion, now especially one powered by internal combustion.	The result of cunning; something ingenious, a contrivance; (in negative senses) a plot, a scheme.
engine	verb	To assault with an engine.	To contrive; to put into action.	To equip with an engine; said especially of steam vessels.
noon	noun	The corresponding time in the middle of the night; midnight.	The highest point; culmination.	The letter ن in the Arabic script.	The mean time of solar noon, marked as twelve o'clock on most clocks.	The ninth hour of the day counted from sunrise; around three o'clock in the afternoon.	The time of day when the Sun seems to reach its highest point in the sky; solar noon.
noon	verb	To relax or sleep around midday.
approve	verb	To consider worthy (to); to be pleased (with); to accept.	To make profit of; to convert to one's own profit — said especially of waste or common land appropriated by the lord of the manor.	To make proof of; to demonstrate; to prove or show practically.	To officially sanction; to ratify; to confirm; to set as satisfactory.	To regard as good; to commend; to be pleased with; to think well of.	To show to be worthy; to demonstrate the merits of.
patience	noun	Any of various card games that can be played by one person. Called solitaire in the US and Canada.	The quality of being patient.
defeat	verb	To nullify	To overcome in battle or contest.	To prevent (something) from being achieved.	To reduce, to nothing, the strength of.
defeat	noun	Destruction, ruin.	Frustration (by prevention of success), stymieing; (law) nullification.	The act or instance of being defeated, of being overcome or vanquished; a loss.	The act or instance of defeating, of overcoming, vanquishing.
foreigner	noun	A person from a foreign country.	A private job run by an employee at a trade factory rather than going through the business.
prisoner	noun	A person incarcerated in a prison, while on trial or serving a sentence.	A person who is or feels confined or trapped by a situation or a set of circumstances.	Any person held against their will.
3	noun	Clipping of 360 (“360° spin”).	Replaces the letter E/e in leetspeak.
rely	verb	to trust; to have confidence in; to depend.
disappointed	adj	Defeated of expectations or hope; experiencing disappointment; let down.	Expressing or indicating disappointment.	Having had a marriage proposal rejected.
disappointed	verb	simple past and past participle of disappoint
obey	verb	To be obedient, compliant (to a given law, restriction etc.).	To do as one is told.	To do as ordered by (a person, institution etc), to act according to the bidding of.
Osaka	name	A prefecture on the island of Honshū, Japan.	The capital city of Osaka Prefecture, Japan.
material	adj	Full of substance or otherwise meaning.	Having real importance or great consequences; significant; substantial.	In an important degree.	Of or relating to the matter of reasoning, as distinguished from the form of it, especially empirical.	Of, relating to, or affecting physical well-being; corporeal; bodily.	Of, relating to, or consisting of matter, especially physical.	Relating to or concerned with what is purely physical rather than intellectual or spiritual, especially excessively so; materialistic.
material	noun	A basic matter (as metal, wood, plastic, fiber, etc.) from which the whole or the greater part of something physical (as a machine, tool, building, fabric, etc.) is made.	A person, or people collectively, who are qualified or suited for a certain position or activity.	All of a player's pieces and pawns on the chessboard, excluding the king.	An element of a design language associated with a certain style of rendering on the display.	Apparatus for doing or making something.	Cloth to be made into a garment; woven fabric.	Something (as data, observations, perceptions or ideas) that may be incorporated, elaborated or otherwise reworked into a finished form or new form, or may serve as the basis for arriving at interpretations, judgments or conclusions.	The elements, constituents or substance of which something physical or non-physical composed of or can be made of.	The ingredients for making whisky punch.	The materiel of an army.	Things that are material.
material	verb	To form from matter; to materialize.
author	noun	One's authority for something: an informant.	Principal; the primary participant in a crime.	Someone who writes books for a living.	The creator or cause of anything.	The initial owner of the copyright to a work, especially a work made for hire or a work of corporate authorship.	The originator or creator of a work, especially of a literary composition; or, one of the creators of a collaborative work.
author	verb	To create a work as its author.
grade	noun	A degree or level of something; a position within a scale; a degree of quality.	A gradian.	A harsh scraping or cutting; a grating.	A level of primary and secondary education.	A rating.	A slope (up or down) of a roadway or other passage	A student of a particular grade (used with the grade level).	A taxon united by a level of morphological or physiological complexity that is not a clade.	An area that has been flattened by a grader (construction machine).	An eyeglass prescription.	Degree (any of the three stages (positive, comparative, superlative) in the comparison of an adjective or an adverb).	In a linear system of divisors on an n-dimensional variety, the number of free intersection points of n generic divisors.	Performance on a test or other evaluation(s), expressed by a number, letter, or other symbol; a score.	The degree of malignity of a tumor expressed on a scale.	The level of the ground.
grade	verb	To apply classifying labels to data (typically by a manual rather than automatic process).	To assign scores to the components of an academic test, or to overall academic performance.	To describe, modify or inflect so as to classify as to degree.	To flatten, level, or smooth a large surface, especially with a grader.	To increase or decrease the dimensions of a garment pattern from the initial base size in such a way that the overall proportions of the silhouette are maintained across all sizes.	To organize in grades.	To pass from one school grade into the next.	To pass imperceptibly from one grade into another.	To remove or trim part of a seam allowance from a finished seam so as to reduce bulk and make the finished piece more even when turned right side out.
ocean	noun	A blue colour, like that of the ocean (also called ocean blue).	An immense expanse; any vast space or quantity without apparent limits.	One of the large bodies of water separating the continents.	Water belonging to an ocean.
national	adj	Belonging to or characteristic of a specific nation or country, as opposed to others.	Nationalistic; patriotic.	Pertaining to a nation or country, especially as a whole; affecting, shared by, or existing throughout all of a nation.
national	noun	A national newspaper.	A subject of a nation.	A tournament in which participants from all over the nation compete.	Somebody born under the authority of a given State.
people	noun	A group of persons regarded as being servants, followers, companions or subjects of a ruler or leader.	A person's ancestors, relatives or family.	One's colleagues or employees.	People in general, humans, by extension sentient beings real or fictional.	Persons forming or belonging to a particular group, such as a nation, class, ethnic group, country, family, etc.	The mass of a community as distinguished from a special class (elite); the commonalty; the populace; the vulgar; the common crowd; the citizens.	plural of person: a body of persons considered generally or collectively; a group of two or more persons.
people	verb	To become populous or populated.	To inhabit; to occupy; to populate.	To interact with people; to socialize.	To stock with people or inhabitants; to fill as with people; to populate.
income	noun	A coming in as by influx or inspiration, hence, an inspired quality or characteristic, as courage or zeal; an inflowing principle.	A coming in; arrival; entrance; introduction.	A disease or ailment without known or apparent cause, as distinguished from one induced by accident or contagion; an oncome.	A newcomer or arrival; an incomer.	An entrance-fee.	Money coming in to a fund, account, or policy.	Money one earns by working or by capitalising on the work of others.	That which is taken into the body as food; the ingesta; sometimes restricted to the nutritive, or digestible, portion of the food.
appearance	noun	A thing seen; a phenomenon; an apparition.	An instance of someone coming into a court of law to be part of a trial, lawsuit or other proceeding, either in person or represented by an attorney or such like; a court appearance	Apparent likeness; the way which something or someone appears to others.	Chiefly used by nurses: the act of defecation by a patient.	That which is not substance, essence, hypostasis; the outward reality as opposed to the underlying reality	The act of appearing in a particular place, or in society, a company, or any proceedings; a coming before the public in a particular character.	The act of appearing or coming into sight; the act of becoming visible to the eye.	The way something looks; personal presence
upstairs	adj	Located on a higher floor or level of a building.	Pertaining to a pitched ball that is high, and usually outside the strike zone.
upstairs	adv	In heaven, especially with regard to where a deity might be found.	In the brain or mind.	Up the stairs; on or to a higher floor or level.
upstairs	noun	A woman's breasts.	An upper storey.
United	name	any of many football teams formed by the amalgamation of smaller ones
hed	noun	Archaic spelling of head.	The headline of a news story.
hed	verb	Pronunciation spelling of had, representing dialectal English.	simple past and past participle of heed
various	det	More than one (of an indeterminate set of things).
various	adj	Having a broad range (of different elements).	That varies or differs from others; variant; different.
rope	noun	A cohesive strand of something.	A continuous stream.	A data structure resembling a string, using a concatenation tree in which each leaf represents a character.	A hard line drive.	A kind of chaff (material dropped to interfere with radar) consisting of foil strips with paper chutes attached.	A long thin segment of soft clay, either extruded or formed by hand.	A necklace of at least one meter in length.	A unit of distance equivalent to the distance covered in six months by a god flying at ten million miles per second.	A unit of length equal to twenty feet.	An individual length of such material.	Cordage of at least one inch in diameter, or a length of such cordage.	Death by hanging.	Rohypnol.	Semen being ejaculated.	The small intestines.	Thick strings, yarn, monofilaments, metal wires, or strands of other cordage that are twisted together to form a stronger line.
rope	verb	To be formed into rope; to draw out or extend into a filament or thread.	To climb by means of a rope or ropes.	To commit suicide, particularly by hanging.	To pull or restrain (the horse one is riding) to prevent it from winning a race.	To throw a rope (or something similar, e.g. a lasso, cable, wire, etc.) around (something).	To tie (something) with rope.
bell	noun	A bubble.	A percussive instrument made of metal or other hard material, typically but not always in the shape of an inverted cup with a flared rim, which resonates when struck.	A signal at a school that tells the students when a class is starting or ending.	A telephone call.	An instrument that emits a ringing sound, situated on a bicycle's handlebar and used by the cyclist to warn of their presence.	Any of a series of strokes on a bell (or similar), struck every half hour to indicate the time (within a four hour watch)	Anything shaped like a bell, such as the cup or corolla of a flower.	Clipping of bell-end (“stupid or contemptible person”).	The bell character.	The bellow or bay of certain animals, such as a hound on the hunt or a stag in rut.	The flared end of a brass or woodwind instrument.	The flared end of a pipe, designed to mate with a narrow spigot.	The part of the capital of a column included between the abacus and neck molding; also used for the naked core of nearly cylindrical shape, assumed to exist within the leafage of a capital.	The sounding of a bell as a signal.
bell	verb	To attach a bell to.	To bellow or roar.	To develop bells or corollas; to take the form of a bell; to blossom.	To ring a bell.	To shape so that it flares out like a bell.	To telephone.	To utter in a loud manner; to thunder forth.
kindness	noun	An instance of kind or charitable behaviour.	The state of being kind.
mouse	noun	(plural mice or mouses) An input device that is moved over a pad or other flat surface to produce a corresponding movement of a pointer on a graphical display.	A facial hematoma or black eye.	A familiar term of endearment.	A match used in firing guns or blasting.	A member of the many small rodent and marsupial species resembling mice, typically having a small body, dark fur, long tail, and nocturnal sleeping pattern compared to rats.	A pointer.	A quiet or shy person.	A small cushion for a woman's hair.	A small model of (a fragment of) Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory with desirable properties (depending on the context).	A turn or lashing of spun yarn or small stuff, or a metallic clasp or fastening, uniting the point and shank of a hook to prevent its unhooking or straightening out.	Any small rodent of the genus Mus.	Part of a hind leg of beef, next to the round.
mouse	verb	To close the mouth of a hook by a careful binding of marline or wire.	To hunt or catch mice (the rodents), usually of cats.	To move cautiously or furtively, in the manner of a mouse (the rodent) (frequently used in the phrasal verb to mouse around).	To navigate by means of a computer mouse.	To tear, as a cat devours a mouse.
band	noun	A belt or strap that is part of a machine.	A bond.	A continuous tablet, stripe, or series of ornaments, as of carved foliage, of colour, or of brickwork.	A group of aboriginals that has official recognition as an organized unit by the federal government of Canada.	A group of energy levels in a solid state material.	A group of musicians who perform together as an ensemble; sometimes, such a group working for a professional recording artist.	A group of people loosely united for a common purpose, such as a band of thieves.	A linen collar or ruff worn in the 16th and 17th centuries.	A long strip of material, color, etc, that is different from the surrounding area.	A narrow strip of cloth or other material on clothing, to bind, strengthen, or ornament it.	A part of the electromagnetic spectrum.	A ring, such as a wedding ring (wedding band), or a ring put on a bird's leg to identify it.	A small group of people living in a simple society, contrasted with tribes, chiefdoms, and nations.	A strip along the spine of a book where the pages are attached.	A strip of decoration.	A strip of material used for strengthening or coupling.	A strip of material wrapped around things to hold them together.	A type of orchestra originally playing janissary music; an instance of this type.	A wad of money totaling $1K, held together by a band; (by extension) $1000, a grand; (by extension) money	Any distinguishing line formed by chromatography, electrophoresis etc	Ellipsis of band cell.	Ellipsis of marching band.	In Gothic architecture, the moulding, or suite of mouldings, which encircles the pillars and small shafts.	Pledge; security.	That which serves as the means of union or connection between persons; a tie.	Two strips of linen hanging from the neck in front as part of a clerical, legal, or academic dress.
band	verb	Obsolete form of bandy.	To fasten an identifying band around the leg of (a bird).	To fasten with a band.	To group (students) together by perceived ability; to stream.	To group together for a common purpose; to confederate.	simple past and past participle of bind
mustve		
adopt	verb	To beat an opponent ten times in a row.	To contribute towards the upkeep of (a child or animal), in exchange for occasional stories, pictures, etc.	To obtain (a pet) from a shelter or the wild.	To select and take or approve.	To take (a child, heir, friend, citizen, etc.) by choice into a relationship.	To take by choice into the scope of one's responsibility.	To take or receive as one's own what is not so naturally.	To take voluntarily (a child of other parents) to be in the place of, or as, one's own child.
adopt	noun	Clipping of adoptable.
expense	noun	A spending or consuming, often a disbursement of funds.	Loss.	The elimination or consumption of something, sometimes with the notion of loss or damage to the thing eliminated.
expense	verb	To charge a cost against an expense account; to bill something to the company for which one works.
doll	noun	A barbiturate or amphetamine pill.	A dollar.	A good-natured, cooperative or helpful person.	A short signal post mounted on a bracket mounted on the main signal post, or on a signal gantry.	A small figure resembling a human being that is used as a toy.	A temporary barrier used in horse racing.	A term of endearment: darling, sweetheart.	A transgender woman or transfeminine person.	An attractive young woman.	Obsolete form of dal.	The smallest or pet pig in a litter.
doll	verb	Synonym of doll up	To place a barrier in front of (a section of the course that is to be omitted from a horse race).	To warm moderately; to make tepid; to mull.
chess	noun	A board game for two players, each beginning with sixteen chess pieces moving according to fixed rules across a chessboard with the objective to checkmate the opposing king.	Any of several species of grass in the genus Bromus, generally considered weeds.	One of the platforms, consisting of two or more planks dowelled together, for the flooring of a temporary military bridge.
consist	verb	To be.	To exist or be compatible.
consist	noun	A lineup or sequence of railroad carriages or cars, with or without a locomotive, that form a unit.
politics	noun	A methodology and activities associated with running a government, an organization, or a movement.	One's political stands and opinions.	Political maneuvers or diplomacy between people, groups, or organizations, especially involving power, standing, influence or conflict.	Real-world beliefs and social issues irrelevant to the topic at hand.	The profession of conducting political affairs.
politics	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of politic
War	name	A city in West Virginia, United States.	Preceded by the: designating a particularly notable war.	The personification of war, often depicted in armour and riding a red horse; the red rider.	World War I.	World War II.
deeply	adv	At depth.	In a profound, not superficial, manner.	In large volume.	Richly.	So as to extend far down or far into something.	Soundly; so as to be hard to rouse.	To a deep extent or degree; very greatly.
threaten	verb	To be close to equaling or surpassing (a record, etc.)	To call into question the validity of (a belief, idea, or viewpoint); to challenge.	To make a threat against someone; to use threats.	To menace, or be dangerous.	To portend, or give a warning of.
international	adj	Foreign; of another nation.	Independent of national boundaries; common to all people.	Of or concerning the association called the International.	Of or having to do with more than one nation.	between or among nations	common to, or affecting, two or more nations.	participated in by two or more nations	serving two or more nations
international	noun	A game or contest between two or more nations.	A transnational organization of political parties of similar ideology.	Someone who has represented their country in a particular sport.
bathroom	noun	A lavatory (area where one washes or bathes): a room containing a toilet and (typically but not necessarily) a bathtub.	A room containing a shower and/or bathtub, and (typically but not necessarily) a toilet.
bathroom	verb	To assist a patient with using the toilet and general personal hygiene.
employee	noun	A person who provides labor to a company or another person.
attitude	noun	A position similar to arabesque, but with the raised leg bent at the knee.	Disposition or state of mind.	The orientation of a vehicle or other object relative to the horizon, direction of motion, other objects, etc.	The position of the body or way of carrying oneself.	Unpleasant behavior.
attitude	verb	To assume or to place in a particular position or orientation; to pose.	To express an attitude through one's posture, bearing, tone of voice, etc.
interrupt	verb	To assert to (a computer) that an exceptional condition must be handled.	To disturb or halt (an ongoing process or action, or the person performing it) by interfering suddenly, especially by speaking.	To divide; to separate; to break the monotony of.
interrupt	noun	An event that causes a computer or other device to temporarily cease what it was doing and attend to a condition.
drinking	noun	An act or session by which drink is consumed, especially alcoholic beverages.
drinking	adj	Addicted to alcohol.	Pertaining to alcohol consumption, especially in excess.	Suitable to drink.	Used to drink.
drinking	verb	present participle and gerund of drink
World	name	Any of the (conceptually figurative) worlds that constitute (or have formerly been asserted to constitute) the world, as for example:	Earth: the Earth (our earth).	Existence.	The Developed World (the developed world).	The Developing World (the developing world).	The First World (the first world).	The Fourth World (the fourth world).	The Industrialized World (the industrialized world).	The Second World (the second world).	The Third World (the third world).	The Universe: our universe.	The specific world, or any of several specific constituent worlds, that humans live in, among any other (real or possible) worlds:
pleasant	adj	Facetious, joking.	Giving pleasure; pleasing in manner.
pleasant	noun	A wit; a humorist; a buffoon.
spare	adj	Austere, stripped down, without what is extraneous.	Being more than what is necessary, or what must be used or reserved; not wanted, or not used; superfluous.	Extra.	Held in reserve, to be used in an emergency.	Lean; lacking flesh; meager; thin; gaunt.	Not occupied or in current use.	Not plentiful.	Scant; not abundant or plentiful.	Sparing; frugal; parsimonious; not spending much money.	Very angry; frustrated or distraught.
spare	noun	A free period; a block of school during which one does not have a class.	A spare part, especially a spare tire.	A superfluous or second-best person.	An opening in a petticoat or gown; a placket.	Parsimony; frugal use.	That which has not been used or expended.	The act of knocking down all remaining pins in second ball of a frame; this entitles the pins knocked down on the next ball to be added to the score for that frame.	The act of sparing; moderation; restraint.	The right of bowling again at a full set of pins, after having knocked all the pins down in less than three bowls. If all the pins are knocked down in one bowl it is a double spare; in two bowls, a single spare.	assistant or extra hand (typically on buses and lorries)
spare	verb	(to give up): To deprive oneself of, as by being frugal; to do without; to dispense with; to give up; to part with.	To be frugal; to not be profuse; to live frugally; to be parsimonious.	To desist; to stop; to refrain.	To keep to oneself; to forbear to impart or give.	To keep.	To preserve (someone) from danger or punishment; to forbear to punish, injure, or harm (someone); to show mercy towards.	To refrain from inflicting harm; to use mercy or forbearance.	To refrain from killing (someone) or having (someone) killed.	To save or gain, as by frugality; to reserve, as from some occupation, use, or duty.	To show mercy, to have mercy on.
glance	verb	Followed by by: to pass near without coming into contact.	Of a thing: to move in a way that catches light, and flash or glitter.	Of certain juvenile fish, chiefly of the Cichlidae family: to rapidly touch the side of its parent's body, usually to feed on mucus.	Of light, etc.: to gleam, to sparkle.	Often followed by at: of a topic: to make an incidental or passing reflection on, often unfavourably; to allude to; to hint at.	Often followed by at: of the eyes or a person: to look briefly.	To cause (light) to gleam or sparkle.	To cause (something) to move obliquely.	To communicate (something) using the eyes.	To hit (a ball) lightly, causing it to move in another direction.	To hit (a ball) with a bat held in a slanted manner; also, to play such a stroke against (the bowler).	To hit a ball with a bat held in a slanted manner.	To look briefly at (something).	To make an incidental or passing reflection, often unfavourably, on (a topic); also, to make (an incidental or passing reflection, often unfavourable).	To move quickly; to dart, to shoot.	To strike and fly off in an oblique direction; to dart aside.	To touch (something) lightly or obliquely; to graze.	To turn (one's eyes or look) at something, often briefly.
glance	noun	A brief or cursory look.	A quick movement that catches light, and causes a flash or glitter; also, the flash or glitter.	A stroke in which the ball is hit with a bat held in a slanted manner.	An act of striking and flying off in an oblique direction; a deflection.	An incidental or passing allusion or thought, often unfavourable, expressed on a topic.	Any of various sulphides, mostly dark-coloured, which have a brilliant metallic lustre.	Ellipsis of glance coal (“any hard, lustrous coal such as anthracite”).	Of certain juvenile fish, chiefly of the Cichlidae family: an act of rapidly touching the side of its parent's body, usually to feed on mucus.
agreement	noun	A legally binding contract enforceable in a court of law.	A state whereby several parties share a view or opinion; the state of not contradicting one another.	An agreeable quality.	An understanding between entities to follow a specific course of conduct.	Rules that exist in many languages that force some parts of a sentence to be used or inflected differently depending on certain attributes of other parts.
brown	noun	A brown horse or other animal.	A brown trout (Salmo trutta).	A colour like that of chocolate or coffee.	A copper coin.	A mass of birds or animals that may be indiscriminately fired at.	A person of mostly Latin American (or Latino), Middle Eastern/North African, South Asian, and sometimes Southeast Asian, Pacific Islander, or rarely Native American descent; a brown-skinned person; someone of mulatto, or biracial appearance.	Any of various nymphalid butterflies of subfamily Satyrinae (formerly the family Satyridae), such as those of the genera Heteronympha and Melanitis.	Black tar heroin.	One of the colour balls used in snooker, with a value of 4 points.
brown	adj	Gloomy.	Having a brown colour.	Latino/Latin American	Not green (environmentally irresponsible); anti-green (against environmental protection).	Of or relating to any of various ethnic groups having dark pigmentation of the skin.	South Asian or sometimes Middle Eastern or North African	Southeast Asian, Pacific Islander, or sometimes Native American	of color.
brown	verb	To become brown.	To cook something until it becomes brown.	To give a bright brown colour to, as to gun barrels, by forming a thin coating of oxide on their surface.	To make brown or dusky.	To tan.	To turn progressively more Hispanic or Latino, in the context of the population of a geographic region.
talent	noun	A desire or inclination for something.	A marked natural ability or skill.	A unit of weight and money used in ancient times in Greece, the Roman Empire, and the Middle East, equal to about 30 to 60 kg in various times and places.	People of talent, viewed collectively; a talented person.	The men or (especially) women of a place or area, judged by their attractiveness.
influence	noun	A person or thing exerting such power or action.	An action exerted by a person or thing with such power on another to cause change.	An element believed to determine someone's character or individual tendencies, caused by the position of the stars and planets at the time of one's birth.	Electrostatic induction.	The action of flowing in; influx.	The power to affect, control or manipulate something or someone; the ability to change the development of fluctuating things such as conduct, thoughts or decisions.
influence	verb	To cause to flow in or into; infuse; instill.	To exert, make use of one's influence.	To have an effect on by using gentle or subtle action; to exert an influence upon; to modify, bias, or sway; to persuade or induce.
passport	noun	An identification document used by firefighters, collected when they enter a dangerous area and returned when they leave, to keep track of who is still in the area.	An official document normally used for international journeys, which proves the identity and nationality of the person for whom it was issued.	Any document that allows entry or passage.	Something which enables someone to do or achieve something.
passport	verb	Providing the legal requirements to enable or legitimize cross-border economic activity.	To enable eligibility for a benefit automatically based on eligibility for a different benefit.	To regulate how money given to a local authority must be spent.
hobby	noun	An activity that one enjoys doing in one's spare time.	An extinct breed of horse native to the British Isles, also known as the Irish Hobby.	Any of four species of small falcons in the genus Falco, especially Falco subbuteo.	Synonym of hobby horse (“a favorite topic”).
safety	noun	A safety bicycle.	A safety lock or safety catch: a mechanism on a weapon or dangerous equipment designed to prevent accidental firing or operation.	A safety shot or sequence of such shots.	A safety squeeze.	An instance of a player being sacked or tackled in the end zone, or stepping out of the end zone and off the field, resulting in two points to the opposite team.	Any of the defensive players who are in position furthest from the line of scrimmage and whose responsibility is to defend against passes as well as to be the tacklers of last resort.	Preservation from escape; close custody.	The condition or feeling of being safe; security; certainty.
safety	verb	To secure (a mechanical component, as in aviation) to keep it from becoming detached even under vibration.	to secure a firing pin, as in guns, to keep the gun from firing
resign	verb	Alternative spelling of re-sign.	To give up; to relinquish ownership of.	To hand over (something to someone), place into the care or control of another.	To submit passively; to give up as hopeless or inevitable.	To voluntarily leave (a job or position), in particular a hard-fought position of high status.
pound	noun	A division inside a fishing stage where cod is cured in salt brine.	A hard blow.	A kind of fishing net, having a large enclosure with a narrow entrance into which fish are directed by wings spreading outward.	A place for the detention of automobiles that have been illegally parked, abandoned, etc.	A place for the detention of stray or wandering animals.	A section of a canal between two adjacent locks.	A unit of currency in various currency systems.	A unit of force in various measurement systems	A unit of mass equal to 12 troy ounces (≈ 373.242 g). Today, this is a common unit of mass when measuring precious metals, and is little used elsewhere.	A unit of mass equal to 16 avoirdupois ounces (= 453.592 g). Today this value is the most common meaning of "pound" as a unit of weight.	A unit of mass in various measurement systems.	A unit of weight in various measurement systems.	Any of various units of currency formerly used in the United States.	Any of various units of currency used in Egypt, Lebanon, Sudan, and Syria, and formerly in the Republic of Ireland, Cyprus, Nigeria, Israel, and South Africa.	Ellipsis of pound force.	Ellipsis of pound mass.	Ellipsis of pound weight.	Ellipsis of pound-force.	The people who work for the pound.	The symbol #.	The unit of currency used in the United Kingdom and its dependencies. It is divided into 100 pence. Symbol £.	Various non-English units of currency not officially called pounds.	Various non-English units of measure.
pound	verb	To advance heavily with measured steps.	To beat strongly or throb.	To confine in, or as in, a pound; to impound.	To crush to pieces; to pulverize.	To eat or drink very quickly.	To make a jarring noise, as when running.	To penetrate sexually, with vigour.	To pitch consistently to a certain location.	To strike hard, usually repeatedly.	To wager a pound on.
okay	noun	Alternative spelling of OK.
okay	verb	Alternative spelling of OK.
okay	adj	Alternative spelling of OK.
okay	adv	Alternative spelling of OK.
okay	intj	Alternative spelling of OK.
lovely	adj	Delightful for beauty, harmony, or grace.	Inspiring love or friendship; amiable.	Loving, filled with love.	Nice; wonderful.	Worthy of praise.
lovely	noun	A lovely object.	An attractive, lovely person, especially a (professional) beauty.	Term of fond address.
lovely	adv	In a lovely fashion or manner; beautifully.
learning	noun	Accumulated knowledge.	An act in which something is learned.	Something that has been learned.
learning	verb	present participle and gerund of learn
activity	noun	Something done as an action or a movement.	Something done for pleasure or entertainment, especially one involving movement or an excursion.	The lexical aspect (aktionsart) of verbs or predicates that change over time and have no natural end point.	The number of radioactive decays per unit time. Unit for it: becquerel or curie	The property of substances to react with other substances	The state or quality of being active; activeness.
bottom	noun	A ball or skein of thread; a cocoon.	A cargo vessel, a ship.	A garment worn to cover the body below the torso.	A person who has a receptive role or has a preference for that role during intercourse.	A submissive partner in a sadomasochistic relationship.	A submissive partner in a sexual relationship.	A trundle or spindle of thread.	An abyss.	Certain parts of a vessel, particularly the cargo hold or the portion of the ship that is always underwater.	Character, reliability, staying power, dignity, integrity or sound judgment.	Dregs or grounds; lees; sediment.	Ellipsis of bottom quark.	Low-lying land near a river with alluvial soil.	Low-lying land; a valley or hollow.	Power of endurance.	Spirits poured into a glass before adding soda water.	The bass or baritone instruments of a band.	The bed of a body of water.	The buttocks or anus.	The fundamental part; a basic aspect.	The lowest or last position in a rank.	The lowest part of a container.	The lowest part of anything.	The remotest or innermost part of something.	The second half of an inning, the home team's turn at bat.
bottom	verb	To be anally penetrated in gay sex.	To be based or grounded.	To be the submissive partner in a BDSM relationship.	To establish or found (something) on or upon.	To fall to the lowest point.	To furnish (something) with a bottom.	To lie on the bottom of; to underlie, to lie beneath.	To pour spirits into (a glass to be topped up with soda water).	To reach or strike against the bottom of something, so as to impede free action.	To reach the bottom of something.	To wind (like a ball of thread etc.).
bottom	adj	Relating to the genitals.	The lowest or last place or position.
whoever	pron	Any person or persons that.	Any person or persons.	Misspelling of who ever other than in interrogative use.	Regardless of the person or persons that.	The person that (no matter who).	Who ever: an emphatic form of who.
fence	noun	A barrier, for example an emotional barrier.	A guard or guide on machinery.	A memory barrier.	A thin artificial barrier that separates two pieces of land or forms a perimeter enclosing the lands of a house, building, etc.	Skill in oral debate.	Someone who hides or buys and sells stolen goods, a criminal middleman for transactions of stolen goods.	The art or practice of fencing.	The boundary.	The place whence such a middleman operates.
fence	verb	To conceal the truth by giving equivocal answers; to hedge; to be evasive.	To defend or guard.	To enclose, contain or separate by building fence.	To engage in the selling or buying of stolen goods.	To engage in the sport of fencing.	To jump over a fence.
adult	noun	A person who has reached the legal age of majority.	An animal that is full-grown.
adult	adj	Containing alcohol, intended for consumption only by adults.	Containing excessive vulgar or profane speech, text or images, intended only for adults.	Containing marijuana, intended for consumption only by adults.	Containing material of an explicit sexual nature; pornographic.	Containing situations or discussions intended primarily for adults, such as serious crime, illicit drug use, extramarital affairs, etc.	Fully grown.	Intended for or restricted to adults rather than children due to size, maturity, knowledge level, judgement, etc.	Intended for, or restricted to, those who are not young children.
adult	verb	To (cause to) be or become an adult.	To behave like an adult.
pressure	noun	A contrasting force or impulse of any kind	A pressing; a force applied to a surface.	Distress.	Impression; stamp; character impressed.	The amount of force that is applied over a given area divided by the size of this area; force per unit area.	Urgency
pressure	verb	To encourage or heavily exert force or influence.
classmate	noun	A member of a different sort of class, such as locomotives etc.	A student who is in the same class at school.
alarm	noun	A device intended to warn or give notice of approaching danger.	A mechanical device for awaking people, or rousing their attention.	A sudden attack; a disturbance.	A summons to arms, as on the approach of an enemy.	An instance of an alarm ringing, beeping or clanging, to give a noise signal at a certain time.	Any sound or information intended to give notice of approaching danger; a warning sound to arouse attention; a warning of danger.	Sudden surprise with fear or terror excited by apprehension of danger; in the military use, commonly, sudden apprehension of being attacked by surprise.
alarm	verb	To call to arms for defense.	To give (someone) notice of approaching danger or necessary action; to rouse to vigilance; to put on the alert.	To keep in excitement; to disturb.	To produce a warning of approaching danger or necessary action; to emit a signal intended to rouse a recipient to vigilance or put them on the alert.	To surprise with apprehension of danger; to fill with anxiety in regard to threatening evil; to excite with sudden fear.
pity	noun	A feeling of sympathy at the misfortune or suffering of someone or something.	Piety.	Something regrettable.
pity	verb	To feel pity for (someone or something).	To make (someone) feel pity; to provoke the sympathy or compassion of.
pity	intj	Ellipsis of what a pity.
sleepy	adj	Dull; lazy.	Quiet; without bustle or activity.	Suggesting tiredness.	Tending to induce sleep.	Tired; feeling the need for sleep.
sleepy	noun	Shingleback.	The gum that builds up in the eye; sleep, gound.
frighten	verb	To become scared or alarmed.	To cause to feel fear; to scare; to cause to feel alarm or fright.
inform	verb	To act as an informer; denounce.	To communicate knowledge to.	To direct, guide.	To give form or character to; to inspire (with a given quality); to affect, influence (with a pervading principle, idea etc.).	To impart information or knowledge.	To instruct, train (usually in matters of knowledge).	To make known, wisely and/or knowledgeably.	To take form; to become visible or manifest; to appear.
inform	adj	Without regular form; shapeless; ugly; deformed.
emergency	noun	A critical urge to urinate or defecate.	A person brought in at short notice to replace a member of staff, a player in a sporting team, etc.	A situation which poses an immediate risk and which requires urgent attention.	The department of a hospital that treats emergencies.	The quality of being emergent; sudden or unexpected appearance; an unforeseen occurrence.
amazing	verb	present participle and gerund of amaze
amazing	adj	Causing wonder and amazement; very surprising.	Possessing uniquely wonderful qualities; very good.
shout	noun	A call-out for an emergency services team.	A flat-bottomed boat, a barge (for carrying cargo, etc), now especially a light boat used in duck-shooting.	A greeting, name-check or other mention, for example on a radio or TV program.	A loud burst of voice or voices; a violent and sudden outcry, especially that of a multitude expressing joy, triumph, exultation, anger, or great effort.	A round of drinks in a pub; the turn to pay the shot or scot; an act of paying for a round of drinks.	A suggestion; an idea.
shout	verb	To forcefully attract attention or proclaim one’s presence.	To pay for food, drink or entertainment for others.	To post a text message (for example, email) in upper case, regarded as the electronic messaging equivalent of oral shouting.	To treat with shouts or clamor.	To utter a sudden and loud cry, as in joy, triumph, exultation or anger, or to attract attention, to animate others, etc.	To utter with a shout; to cry; to shout out
eventually	adv	For some tail; for all terms beyond some term; with only finitely many exceptions.	In the end; at some later time, especially after a long time, a series of problems, struggles, delays or setbacks.	Possibly, potentially, perhaps.
ugly	adj	Displeasing to the ear or some other sense.	Displeasing to the eye; aesthetically unpleasing.	Ill-natured; crossgrained; quarrelsome.	Offensive to one's sensibilities or morality.	Unpleasant; disagreeable; likely to cause trouble or loss.
ugly	noun	A shade for the face, projecting from a bonnet.	An ugly person or thing.	Any product whose size and shape prevents it from fitting neatly on a pallet.	Ugliness.
ugly	verb	To make ugly (sometimes with up).
original	adj	First in a series of copies or versions.	Fresh, different.	Having a specified place or time as its origin.	Newly created.	Pioneering.	Relating to the origin or beginning; preceding all others.	Seasoned with salt but no other flavoring; ready salted
original	noun	A newly designed garment released by a fashion designer as part of a collection.	A person with a unique and interesting personality or creative talent.	A ridgeling.	An eccentric person.	An object or other creation (e.g. narrative work) from which all later copies and variations are derived.
swear	verb	To administer an oath to (a person).	To be lazy; rest for a short while during working hours.	To promise intensely that something is true; to strongly assert.	To take an oath that an assertion is true.	To take an oath, to promise intensely, solemnly, and/or with legally binding effect.	To use offensive, profane, or obscene language.
swear	noun	A lazy time; a short rest during working hours (especially field labour); a siesta.	A swear word.
swear	adj	Dull; lazy; slow.	Heavy.	Niggardly.	Reluctant; unwilling.	Top-heavy; too high.
discussion	noun	Conversation or debate concerning a particular topic.	Text giving further detail on a subject.	The dispersion of a tumour.
invitation	noun	A bid that tells one's partner that game or slam is likely if their hand is at the strong end of what they have indicated.	A document or verbal message conveying an invitation.	A line that is intentionally left open to encourage the opponent to attack.	Allurement; enticement.	The act of inviting; solicitation; the requesting of a person's company.	The brief exhortation introducing the confession in the Anglican communion-office.
propose	verb	To ask for a person's hand in marriage.	To intend.	To set forth.	To suggest a plan, course of action, etc.	To talk; to converse.
propose	noun	An objective or aim.
percent	adv	For every hundred (used with preceding numeral to form a noun phrase expressing a proportion).
percent	noun	A percentage, a proportion (especially per hundred).	An annuity or security with a certain fixed and guaranteed annual percentage rate of return or percentage dividend.	One part per hundred; one percent, hundredth.	The percent sign, %.
percent	prep_phrase	Per hundred.
wealth	noun	A great amount; an abundance or plenty.	Prosperity; well-being; happiness.	Riches; a great amount of valuable assets or material possessions.
tight	adj	Angry or irritated.	Close, very similar in a value such as score or time.	Extraordinarily great or special.	Firmly held together; compact; not loose or open.	Fitting close, or too close, to the body.	Handy; adroit; brisk.	Intimate, close, close-knit, intimately friendly.	Intoxicated; drunk.	Lacking holes; difficult to penetrate; waterproof.	Limited or restricted.	Mean; unfair; unkind.	Miserly or frugal.	Narrow, such that it is difficult for something or someone to pass through it.	Not conceding many goals.	Not ragged; whole; neat; tidy.	Of a person, having a tight vagina or anus.	Of a player, who plays very few hands.	Of a turn, sharp, so that the timeframe for making it is narrow and following it is difficult.	Scarce, hard to come by.	Short of money.	Under high tension; taut.	Unyielding or firm.	Using a strategy which involves playing very few hands.	Well-rehearsed and accurate in execution.	With understeer, primarily used to describe NASCAR stock cars.
tight	adv	Firmly, so as not to come loose easily.	Soundly.
tight	verb	To make tight; tighten.	To make water-tight.
polite	adj	Smooth, polished, burnished.	Well-mannered, civilized.
polite	verb	To polish; to refine; to render polite.
bedroom	noun	A room in a house, apartment, hotel, or other dwelling where a bed is kept for sleeping.	The location of sexual activity.
iron	noun	A common, inexpensive metal, silvery grey when untarnished, that rusts, is attracted by magnets, and is used in making steel: a chemical element having atomic number 26 and symbol Fe.	A dark shade of the color silver.	A firearm, either a long gun or a handgun.	A golf club used for middle-distance shots.	A male homosexual.	A meteorite consisting primarily of metallic iron (mixed with a small amount of nickel), as opposed to one composed mainly of stony material.	A safety curtain in a theatre.	A tool or appliance made of metal, which is heated and then used to transfer heat to something else; most often a thick piece of metal fitted with a handle and having a flat, roughly triangular bottom, which is heated and used to press wrinkles from clothing, and now usually containing an electrical heating apparatus.	Any material, not a steel, predominantly made of elemental iron.	Any of several other tools traditionally made of wrought iron, now usually of steel.	Dumb bombs, those without guidance systems.	Shackles.	Used as a symbol of great strength or toughness, or to signify a very strong or tough material.	Weight used as resistance for the purpose of strength training.
iron	adj	Made of the metal iron.	Strong (as of will), inflexible.
iron	verb	To engage in such pressing of clothing.	To furnish, clad, or arm with iron.	To pass an iron over (clothing or some other item made of cloth) in order to remove creases.	To shackle with irons; to fetter or handcuff.
farmer	noun	A baby farmer (operator of a rural orphanage).	A person who works the land and/or who keeps livestock; anyone engaged in agriculture on a farm.	A regular person; someone who did not receive a prestigious scholarship.	More specifically, a farm owner, as distinguished from a farmworker or farmhand as a hired employee thereof.	One who takes taxes, customs, excise, or other duties, to collect for a certain rate per cent.	Someone or something that farms, as:	The lord of the field, or one who farms the lot and cope of the crown.
court	noun	A housing estate under the Home Ownership Scheme.	A place arranged for playing the games of tennis, basketball, handball, badminton, volleyball, squash and some other games	A space prepared and decorated by certain bird species in which to advertise themselves for a mate.	A street with no outlet, a cul-de-sac.	An apartment building, or a small development of several apartment buildings.	An enclosed space; a courtyard; an uncovered area shut in by the walls of a building, or by different buildings; also, a space opening from a street and nearly surrounded by houses; a blind alley.	An organization for the administration of law, consisting of a body of judges with a certain jurisdiction along with its administrative apparatus.	Any formal assembling of the retinue of a sovereign.	Any jurisdiction, civil, military, or ecclesiastical.	Attention directed to a person in power; behaviour designed to gain favor; politeness of manner; civility towards someone.	Royal society.	The administration of law.	The collective body of persons composing the retinue of a sovereign or person high in authority; all the surroundings of a sovereign in his regal state.	The hall, chamber, or place, where justice is administered.	The judge or judges or other judicial officer presiding in a particular matter, particularly as distinguished from the counsel or jury, or both.	The persons officially assembled under authority of law, at the appropriate time and place, for the administration of justice; an official assembly, legally met together for the transaction of judicial business; a judge or judges sitting for the hearing or trial of cases.	The residence of a sovereign, prince, nobleman, or other dignitary; a palace.	The session of a judicial assembly.	one of the two divisions of a tennis, badminton or volleyball court, in which the player or players of each team play
court	verb	To attempt to attract; to invite by attractions; to allure.	To attempt to gain alliance with.	To engage in activities intended to win affections.	To engage in behavior conducive to mating with.	To engage in courtship behavior.	To risk (a consequence, usually negative).	To seek to achieve or win (a prize).	To try to win a commitment to marry from.
shelf	noun	A flat, rigid structure, fixed at right angles to a wall or forming a part of a cabinet, desk, etc., and used to display, store, or support objects.	A projecting ledge that resembles such an object.	A reef, sandbar, or shoal.	The capacity of such an object	The part of a repository where shelvesets are stored.
shelf	verb	Alternative form of shelve.
below	prep	Downstage of.	Downstream of.	Lower in spatial position than.	Lower than in value, price, rank, concentration, etc.	South of.	Unsuitable to the rank or dignity of; beneath.
below	adv	Below zero.	In or to a lower place.	Later in the same text.	On or to a lower deck, especially as relative to the main deck.	On or to a lower storey.
plate	noun	A Lego piece that is thin, 1/3 the height of a brick, and has studs on top.	A VIN plate, particularly with regard to the car's year of manufacture.	A course at a meal.	A flat electrode such as can be found in an accumulator battery, or in an electrolysis tank.	A flat object of uniform thickness.	A horizontal framing member at the top or bottom of a group of vertical studs.	A layer of a material on the surface of something, usually qualified by the type of the material; plating	A material covered with such a layer.	A metallic card, used to imprint tickets with an airline's logo, name, and numeric code.	A person's foot.	A prize given to the winner in a contest.	A record, usually vinyl.	A roundel of silver or argent.	A shaped and fitted surface, usually ceramic or metal that fits into the mouth and in which teeth are implanted; a dental plate.	A slightly curved but almost flat dish from which food is served or eaten.	A taxi permit, especially of a metal disc.	A tectonic plate.	A very light steel horseshoe for racehorses.	A weighted disk, usually of metal, with a hole in the center for use with a barbell, dumbbell, or exercise machine.	An agenda of tasks, problems, or responsibilities	An engraved surface used to transfer an image to paper.	An illustration in a book, either black and white, or colour, usually on a page of paper of different quality from the text pages.	An image or copy.	An ornamental or food service item coated with silver or gold or otherwise decorated.	Any flat piece of material such as coated glass or plastic.	Any of the potential romantic or sexual partners with whom a person keeps in touch as part of plate spinning.	Any of various larger scales found in some reptiles.	Home plate.	One of the thin parts of the brisket of an animal.	Plate armor.	Precious metal, especially silver.	Silver or gold, in the form of a coin, or less often silver or gold utensils or dishes.	Skins for fur linings of garments, sewn together and roughly shaped, but not finally cut or fitted.	Such dishes collectively.	The ability of a travel agent to issue tickets on behalf of a particular airline.	The anode of a vacuum tube.	The contents of such a dish.	The fine nap (as of beaver, musquash, etc.) on a hat whose body is made from inferior material.	Vehicle license plates, registration plates.	trauma plate.
plate	verb	To arm or defend with metal plates.	To beat into thin plates.	To cover the surface material of an object with a thin coat of another material, usually a metal.	To identify the printing plate used.	To place the various elements of a meal on the diner's plate prior to serving.	To score a run.	To specify which airline a ticket will be issued on behalf of.	to categorise stamps based on their position on the original sheet, in order to reconstruct an entire sheet.
driving	verb	present participle and gerund of drive
driving	adj	That drives (a mechanism or process).	That drives forcefully; strong; forceful; violent (of wind, rain, etc)
driving	noun	In particular, the action of operating a motor vehicle.	The act of driving the ball; hitting the ball a long distance, especially from the tee to the putting green.	The action of the verb to drive in any sense.
Kate	name	A diminutive of the female given name Katherine and related names, also used as a formal given name.
pie	noun	A former low-denomination coin of northern India.	A kilogram of drugs, especially cocaine.	A paper plate covered in cream, shaving foam or custard that is thrown or rubbed in someone’s face for comical purposes, to raise money for charity, or as a form of political protest; a custard pie; a cream pie.	A pie chart.	A pizza.	A traditional Spanish unit of length, equivalent to about 27.9 cm.	A type of pastry that consists of an outer crust and a filling. (Savory pies are more popular in the UK and sweet pies are more popular in the US, so "pie" without qualification has different connotations in these dialects.)	Alternative form of pi (“metal type that has been spilled, mixed together, or disordered”).	An especially badly bowled ball.	Any of various other, non-pastry dishes that maintain the general concept of a shell with a filling.	Ellipsis of pie-dog (“an Indian breed, a stray dog in Indian contexts”).	Magpie.	Something very easy; a piece of cake.	The vulva.	The whole of a wealth or resource, to be divided in parts.
pie	verb	Alternative form of pi (“to spill or mix printing type”).	To go around (a corner) in a guarded manner.	To hit in the face with a pie, either for comic effect or as a means of protest (see also pieing).	To ignore (someone).
zoo	noun	A large and varied collection of something.	A park where live animals are exhibited.	Any place that is wild, crowded, or chaotic.	Clipping of zoophile.	Pornographic material depicting actual animals or bestiality.	The jungle.
generation	noun	A copy of a recording made from an earlier copy.	A group of people born in a specific range of years and whose members can relate culturally to one another.	A set stage in the development of computing or of a specific technology.	A single iteration of a cellular automaton rule on a pattern.	A single step or stage in the succession of natural descent; a rank or degree in genealogy, the members of a family from the same parents, considered as a single unit.	A version of a form of pop culture which differs from later or earlier versions.	Descendants, progeny; offspring.	Race, family; breed.	The act of creating a living creature or organism; procreation.	The act of creating something or bringing something into being; production, creation.	The average amount of time needed for children to grow up and have children of their own, generally considered to be a period of around thirty years, used as a measure of time.	The formation or production of any geometrical magnitude, as a line, a surface, a solid, by the motion, in accordance with a mathematical law, of a point or a magnitude, by the motion of a point, of a surface by a line, a sphere by a semicircle, etc.
committee	noun	A body of one or more persons convened for the accomplishment of some specific purpose, typically with formal protocols.	A guardian; someone in charge of another person deemed to be unable to look after themselves.	Alternative form of kameti.
average	noun	An indication of a player's ability calculated from his scoring record, etc.	Any measure of central tendency, especially any mean, the median, or the mode.	Customs duty or similar charge payable on transported goods.	Financial loss due to damage to transported goods; compensation for damage or loss.	Proportional or equitable distribution of financial expense.	The arithmetic mean.	The service that a tenant owed his lord, to be done by the animals of the tenant, such as the transportation of wheat, turf, etc.
average	adj	Constituting or relating to the average.	Neither very good nor very bad; rated somewhere in the middle of all others in the same category.	Not outstanding, not good, banal; bad or poor.	Typical.
average	verb	Over a period of time or across members of a population, to have or generate a mean value of.	To be, generally or on average.	To compute the average of, especially the arithmetic mean.	To divide among a number, according to a given proportion.
Brazil	name	A city, the county seat of Clay County, Indiana, United States.	A large Portuguese-speaking country in South America. Official name: Federative Republic of Brazil. Capital: Brasília.	A surname from Irish.
European	adj	Of white ethnicity.	Related to Europe.	Related to the European Union.	That can be exercised only at the expiry date.
European	noun	A person living or originating from Europe.	A person who resides within the European Union.
liar	noun	A person who frequently lies; someone who tells a lie.	A swabber responsible for cleaning the outside parts of the ship rather than the cabins, a role traditionally assigned to a person caught telling a lie the previous week.
secretary	noun	A managerial or leading position in certain non-profit organizations, such as political parties, trade unions, international organizations.	A person who keeps records, takes notes and handles general clerical work.	A secretary bird, a bird of the species Sagittarius serpentarius.	A type of desk, secretary desk; a secretaire.	Someone employed as a scribe for personal correspondence.	Someone entrusted with a secret; a confidant.	The head of a department of government.
secretary	verb	To serve as a secretary of.
garage	noun	A building (or section of a building) used to store a car or cars, tools and other miscellaneous items.	A petrol filling station.	A place where cars are serviced and repaired.	A shed for housing an airship or aeroplane or a launchable missile; a hangar.	A side way or space in a canal to enable vessels to pass each other; a siding.	A type of electronic dance music related to house music, with warped and time-stretched sounds; UK garage.	A type of guitar rock music, personified by amateur bands playing in the basement or garage; garage rock.
garage	verb	To store in a garage.
citizen	noun	A civilian, as opposed to a police officer, soldier, or member of some other specialized (usually state) group.	A legally recognized member of a state, with associated rights and obligations; a person considered in terms of this role.	A notional inhabitant of a software system; an object or a software application.	A resident of a city or town, especially one with legally recognized rights or duties.	A resident of the heavenly city or (later) of the kingdom of God: a Christian; a good Christian.	A term of address among supporters of the French Revolution in France or elsewhere; (later, dated) a term of address among socialists and communists.	An inhabitant or occupant: a member of any place.	An ordinary person, as opposed to nobles and landed gentry on one side and peasants, craftsmen, and laborers on the other.
source	noun	A node in a directed graph whose edges all go out from it; one with no entering edges.	A reporter's informant.	Source code.	Spring; fountainhead; wellhead; any collection of water on or under the surface of the ground in which a stream originates.	The domain of a function; the object which a morphism points from.	The name of one terminal of a field effect transistor (FET).	The person, place, or thing from which something (information, goods, etc.) comes or is acquired.
source	verb	To find information about (a quotation)'s source (from which it comes): to find a citation for.	To obtain or procure: used especially of a business resource.
alcohol	noun	Any of a class of organic compounds (such as ethanol) containing a hydroxyl functional group (-OH).	Any very fine powder.	Beverages containing ethanol, collectively.	Ethanol.
midnight	noun	Synonym of boxcars (“a pair of sixes”).	The middle of the night: the sixth temporal hour, equidistant between sunset and sunrise.	Twelve o'clock at night exactly.
midnight	adj	Utterly dark or black.
mathematics	noun	A person's ability to count, calculate, and use different systems of mathematics at differing levels.	An abstract representational system studying numbers, shapes, structures, quantitative change and relationships between them.
fond	adj	Affectionate.	Doted on; regarded with affection.	Foolish; simple; weak.	Having a liking or affection (for).	Indulgent, doting.	Outlandish; foolish; silly.
fond	verb	To caress; to fondle.	To have a foolish affection for, to be fond of.
fond	noun	A group of records having shared provenance.	Brown residue in pans from cooking meats and vegetables.	Foundation; bottom; groundwork.	Fund, stock, or store.	The background design in lace-making.
bomb	noun	A bag or balloon containing a substance such as water, flour, or paint, designed to burst and splatter.	A car in poor condition.	A cyclone whose central pressure drops at an average rate of at least one millibar per hour for at least 24 hours.	A failure; an unpopular commercial product.	A fart.	A great booming noise; a hollow sound.	A grenade, mortar shell, or artillery shell.	A heavy-walled container designed to permit chemical reactions under high pressure.	A high kick that sends the ball relatively straight up so players can get under it before it comes down.	A highly potent joint (cannabis cigarette).	A large amount of money.	A long forward pass.	A professional wrestling throw in which an opponent is lifted and then slammed back-first down to the mat.	A recreational drug ground up, wrapped, and swallowed.	A success; the bomb.	A throw into the basket from a considerable distance.	A very attractive woman.	A woman’s breast.	An act of jumping into water while keeping one's arms and legs tucked into the body, as in a squatting position, to maximize splashing.	An action or statement that causes a strong reaction.	An explosive device used or intended as a weapon, especially, one dropped from an aircraft.	An obscene word identified by its first letter.	Any explosive charge.	Anything that is at risk of exploding (literally) or that has exploded.	Ellipsis of bomb ship.	Events or conditions that have a speedy destructive effect.	Something highly effective or attractive.	The atomic bomb.
bomb	verb	Synonym of parachute (“wrap illicit drugs in a covering before swallowing them”).	To add an excessive amount of chlorine to a pool when it has not been maintained properly.	To attack or annoy in the manner of a bombing.	To attack using one or more bombs; to bombard.	To cover an area in many graffiti tags.	To crash.	To fail dismally.	To jump into water in a squatting position, with the arms wrapped around the legs, in order to maximise the resulting splash.	To make a smelly mess in (a toilet).	To make oneself drunk.	To move at high speed.	To sound; to boom; to make a humming or buzzing sound.
bomb	adj	Great, awesome.
victim	noun	A living being which is slain and offered as a sacrifice, usually in a religious rite.	One that is harmed—killed, injured, subjected to oppression, deceit, or otherwise adversely affected—by someone or something, especially another person or event, force, or condition; in particular	One that is harmed—killed, injured, subjected to oppression, deceit, or otherwise adversely affected—by someone or something, especially another person or event, force, or condition; in particular:	One who is harmed or killed as a result of a natural or man-made disaster or impersonal condition.	One who is harmed or killed as a result of other people's biases, emotions or incompetence, or their own.	One who is harmed or killed by a crime or scam.	One who is harmed or killed by an accident or illness.	The transfigured body and blood of Christ in the Eucharist.
victim	verb	To make (something) a victim (especially of a ritual sacrifice); to victimize.
suicide	noun	A beverage combining all available flavors at a soda fountain.	A children's game of throwing a ball against a wall and at other players, who are eliminated by being struck.	A diabolo trick where one of the sticks is released and allowed to rotate 360° round the diabolo until it is caught by the hand that released it.	A particular instance of a person intentionally killing oneself, or of multiple people doing so.	A person who has intentionally killed themself.	A run comprising a series of sprints of increasing lengths, each followed immediately by a return to the start, with no pause between one sprint and the next.	An action that could cause the literal or figurative death of a person or organization, although death is not the aim of the action.	Pertaining to a suicide bombing.	The act of intentionally killing oneself.
suicide	verb	To intentionally kill oneself.	To kill (someone) and make their death appear to have been a suicide rather than a homicide (now especially as part of a conspiracy).	To self-destruct.
capable	adj	Able and efficient; having the ability needed for a specific task; having the disposition to do something; permitting or being susceptible to something.	Of sufficient capacity or size for holding, containing, receiving or taking in; accessible to. Construed with of, for or an infinitive.
confess	verb	To acknowledge faith in; to profess belief in.	To admit to the truth, particularly in the context of sins or crimes committed.	To disclose or reveal.	To hear or receive such a confession of sins from.	To profess one's love.	To unburden (oneself) of sins to God or a priest, in order to receive absolution.
authority	noun	A government-owned agency that runs a revenue-generating activity for public benefit.	A reliable, definitive source of information on a subject.	Official permission; authorisation to act in some capacity on behalf of a ruling entity.	Persons, regarded collectively, who occupy official positions of power; police or law enforcement.	Power or right to make or enforce rules, give orders, or impose obligation; or a position having such power or right.	Status as a trustworthy source of information, reputation for mastery or expertise; or claim to such status or reputation.
remark	noun	A casual observation, comment, or statement	Alternative form of remarque.	Alternative spelling of re-mark.	An act of pointing out or noticing; notice or observation.	An expression, in speech or writing, of something remarked or noticed; a mention of something
remark	verb	Alternative spelling of re-mark.	To express in words or writing; to state, as an observation.	To make a remark or remarks on, to comment on (something).	To mark (someone or something) out; to distinguish, to make notable.	To pass comment on (something); to indicate, point out.	To pay heed to; notice; to take notice of, to perceive.
officer	noun	A commissioned officer.	A respectful term of address for an officer, especially a police officer.	An agent or servant imparted with the ability, to some degree, to act on initiative.	One who has a position of authority in a hierarchical organization, especially in military, police or government organizations.	One who holds a public office.
officer	verb	To command as or like an officer.	To supply with officers.
expression	noun	A colloquialism or idiom.	A facial appearance usually associated with an emotion.	A particular way of phrasing an idea.	A piece of code in a high-level language that returns a value.	A specific blend of whisky.	An arrangement of symbols denoting values, operations performed on them, and grouping symbols.	Emotional involvement or engagement in a text read aloud rendered by the voice of the reciter or the reader.	The act of pressing or squeezing out.	The action of expressing thoughts, ideas, feelings, etc.	The process of translating a gene into a protein.	The tone of voice or sound in music.
twelve	num	The cardinal number occurring after eleven and before thirteen, represented in Arabic numerals as 12 and in Roman numerals as XII.
twelve	noun	A group of twelve items.	A jury (normally composed of twelve persons).	A twelve-bore gun.	Front (front side of something, position in front of something).	The police; law enforcement, especially a narcotics officer.
Mt	noun	Abbreviation of Mount, in the names of cities.	Abbreviation of Mount, in the names of mountains.
insult	verb	To assail, assault, or attack; (specifically, military) to carry out an assault, attack, or onset without preparation.	To be insensitive, insolent, or rude to (somebody); to affront or demean (someone).	To behave in an obnoxious and superior manner (against or over someone).	To leap or trample upon.
insult	noun	Action or form of speech deliberately intended to be rude; (countable) a particular act or statement having this effect.	An act of leaping upon.	An assault or attack; (specifically, military, obsolete) an assault, attack, or onset carried out without preparation.	Something causing disease or injury to the body or bodily processes; the injury so caused.	Something that causes offence (for example, by being of an unacceptable quality).
sweat	noun	A short run by a racehorse as a form of exercise.	A soldier (especially one who is old or experienced).	An extremely or excessively competitive player.	Fluid that exits the body through pores in the skin usually due to physical stress and/or high temperature for the purpose of regulating body temperature and removing certain compounds from the circulation.	Hard work; toil.	Moisture issuing from any substance.	The state of one who sweats; diaphoresis.	The sweating sickness.
sweat	verb	To be extremely dedicated to winning a game; to play competitively.	To cause to excrete moisture through skin.	To cause to perspire.	To cook slowly at low heat, in shallow oil and without browning, to reduce moisture content.	To emit moisture.	To emit sweat.	To emit, in the manner of sweat.	To extract money, labour, etc. from, by exaction or oppression.	To have drops of water form on (something's surface) due to moisture condensation.	To remove a portion of (a coin), as by shaking it with others in a bag, so that the friction wears off a small quantity of the metal.	To solder (a pipe joint) together.	To stress out, to put under pressure.	To suffer a penalty; to smart for one's misdeeds.	To take a racehorse for a short exercise run.	To work hard.	To worry about (something).	To worry.
temper	noun	A general tendency or orientation towards a certain type of mood, a volatile state; a habitual way of thinking, behaving or reacting.	A non-plastic material, such as sand, added to clay to prevent shrinkage and cracking during drying or firing; tempering.	A tendency to become angry.	Anger; a fit of anger.	Calmness of mind; moderation; equanimity; composure.	Constitution of body; the mixture or relative proportion of the four humours: blood, choler, phlegm, and melancholy.	Middle state or course; mean; medium.	Milk of lime, or other substance, employed in the process formerly used to clarify sugar.	State of mind; mood.	The heat treatment to which a metal or other material has been subjected; a material that has undergone a particular heat treatment.	The state of a metal or other substance, especially as to its hardness, produced by some process of heating or cooling.	The state of any compound substance which results from the mixture of various ingredients; due mixture of different qualities.
temper	verb	To adjust the temperature of an ingredient (e.g. eggs or chocolate) gradually so that it remains smooth and pleasing.	To adjust, as the mathematical scale to the actual scale, or to that in actual use.	To combine in due proportions; to constitute; to compose.	To fit together; to adjust; to accommodate.	To govern; to manage.	To mingle in due proportion; to prepare by combining; to modify, as by adding some new element; to qualify, as by an ingredient; hence, to soften; to mollify; to assuage.	To mix clay, plaster or mortar with water to obtain the proper consistency.	To moderate or control.	To sauté spices in ghee or oil to release essential oils for flavouring a dish in South Asian cuisine.	To strengthen or toughen a material, especially metal, by heat treatment; anneal.
environment	noun	A particular political or social setting, arena or condition.	All the elements that affect a system or its inputs and outputs.	The environment of a function at a point during the execution of a program is the set of identifiers in the function's scope and their bindings at that point.	The natural world or ecosystem.	The set of variables and their values in a namespace that an operating system associates with a process.	The software and/or hardware existing on any particular computer system.	The surroundings of, and influences on, a particular item of interest.
medical	adj	Intended to have a therapeutic effect; medicinal.	Of or pertaining to the practice of medicine.	Pertaining to medication specifically (that is, pharmacotherapy), rather than to other aspects of medicine and surgery.	Pertaining to or requiring treatment by other than surgical means.	Pertaining to the state of one's health.	Requiring medical treatment.
medical	noun	A medical examination.	A medical practitioner.
tool	noun	A handgun.	A particular skill pertaining to baseball (such as hitting, running, etc.).	A penis, notably with a sexual or erotic connotation.	A person or group which is used or controlled, usually unwittingly, by another person or group, a pawn.	A piece of software used to develop software or hardware, or to perform low-level operations.	An obnoxious or uptight person.	Any physical device meant to ease or do a task.	Any piece of equipment used in a profession, such as a craftsman's.	Anything that aids someone to perform an operation; an instrument; a means.
tool	verb	To carry or convey in a coach or other vehicle.	To drive (a coach or other vehicle).	To equip with tools.	To intentionally attack the ball so that it deflects off a blocker out of bounds.	To put down another person (possibly in a subtle, hidden way), and in that way to use him or her to meet a goal.	To travel in a vehicle; to ride or drive.	To work on or shape with tools, e.g., hand-tooled leather.	To work very hard.
bench	noun	A bathroom surface which holds the washbasin, a vanity.	A bracket used to mount land surveying equipment onto a stone or a wall.	A collection or group of dogs exhibited to the public, traditionally on benches or raised platforms.	A flat ledge in the slope of an earthwork, work of masonry, or similar.	A horizontal padded surface, usually adjustable in height and inclination and often with attached weight rack, used for proper posture during exercise.	A kitchen surface on which to prepare food, a counter.	A long seat for politicians in a parliamentary chamber.	A long seat with or without a back, found for example in parks and schools.	A place where assembly or hand work is performed; a workbench.	A seat where people sit together in an official capacity.	A thin strip of relatively flat land bounded by steeper slopes above and below.	The dignity of holding an official seat.	The number of players on a team able to participate, often expressed in terms of length.	The office or dignity of a judge.	The people who decide on the verdict, collectively; the judiciary.	The people who hold a certain type of official seat, collectively; a group of officeholders.	The place where players (substitutes) and coaches sit when not playing.	The seat where the judges sit in court.	The weight one is able to bench press, especially the maximum weight capable of being pressed.
bench	verb	Alternative spelling of bentsh.	To furnish with benches.	To lift by bench pressing	To place on a bench or seat of honour.	To push a person backward against a conspirator behind them who is on their hands and knees, causing them to fall over.	To remove a player from play.	To remove someone from a position of responsibility temporarily.
deliver	verb	Senses having to do with birth.	To administer a drug.	To assist (a female) in bearing, that is, in bringing forth (a child).	To assist in the birth of.	To bring or transport something to its destination.	To discover; to show.	To express in words or vocalizations, declare, utter, or vocalize.	To free from or disburden of anything.	To give birth to.	To give forth in action or exercise; to discharge.	To hand over or surrender (someone or something) to another.	To produce what is expected or required.	To set free from restraint or danger.
deliver	adj	Capable, agile, or active.
tourist	noun	A guest user on a computer system.	A member of the visiting team in a match.	One who is not a member of a fandom or hobby-oriented community but engages with its discourse to seek attention or approval.	One who visits a place, attends a social event or joins a group hobby out of curiosity, wanting to watch or participate without actual commitment or involvement.	Someone who travels for pleasure rather than for business.
tourist	verb	To travel as a tourist.
community	noun	A group of interdependent organisms inhabiting the same region and interacting with each other.	A group of people interacting by electronic means for educational, professional, social, or other purposes; a virtual community.	A group sharing common characteristics, such as the same language, law, religion, or tradition.	A local area within a county or county borough which is the lowest tier of local government, usually represented by a community council or town council, which is generally equivalent to a civil parish in England.	A residential or religious collective; a commune.	Common character; likeness.	Common enjoyment or possession; participation.	Commonness; frequency.	The condition of having certain attitudes and interests in common.
lip	noun	A distinctive lower-appearing of the three true petals of an orchid.	A part of the body that resembles a lip, such as the edge of a wound or the labia.	Backtalk; verbal impertinence.	Clipping of lipstick.	Either of the two fleshy protrusions around the opening of the mouth.	Embouchure: the condition or strength of a wind instrumentalist's lips.	One of the edges of the aperture of a univalve shell.	One of the two opposite divisions of a labiate corolla.	The edge of a high spot of land.	The projecting rim of an open container or a bell, etc.; a short open spout.	The sharp cutting edge on the end of an auger.
lip	verb	(of something inanimate) To touch lightly.	To change the sound of (a musical note played on a wind instrument) by moving or tensing the lips.	To form the rim, edge or margin of something.	To make a golf ball hit the lip of the cup, without dropping in.	To rise or flow up to or over the edge of something.	To simulate speech by moving the lips without making any sound; to mouth.	To touch or grasp with the lips; to kiss; to lap the lips against (something).	To utter verbally.	To wash against a surface, lap.
confused	verb	simple past and past participle of confuse
confused	adj	chaotic, jumbled or muddled	disoriented	embarrassed	making no sense; illogical	unable to think clearly or understand
Brown	name	A ghost town in Nevada.	A locale in the United States.	A number of townships in the United States, listed under Brown Township.	A surname.	An English and Scottish surname transferred from the nickname.	An Irish surname of Anglo-Norman origin, a translation of de Brún.	An unincorporated community in California; named for hotelier George Brown.	An unincorporated community in Louisiana; named for landowner George W. Brown.	An unincorporated community in Oklahoma; named for postmaster Robert H. Brown.	An unincorporated community in West Virginia; named for early settler John Brown.	Brown University.
Brown	noun	Alternative letter-case form of brown (“person with a dark complexion”).
Brown	adj	Alternative letter-case form of brown (“of a dark complexion”).
beside	prep	Besides; in addition to.	Next to; at the side of.	Not relevant to.
beside	adv	Otherwise; else; in addition; besides.
excited	adj	Being in a state of higher energy.	Having an erection; erect.	Having great enthusiasm, passion and energy.	Sexually aroused.
excited	verb	simple past and past participle of excite
odd	adj	About, approximately; somewhat more than (an approximated round number).	Differing from what is usual, ordinary or expected.	Left over or remaining (as a small amount) after counting, payment, etc.	Left over, remaining after the rest have been paired or grouped.	Not regular or planned.	Numbered with an odd number.	Numerically indivisible by two.	On the left.	Out of the way, secluded.	Peculiar, singular and strange in looks or character; eccentric, bizarre.	Scattered; occasional, infrequent; not forming part of a set or pattern.	Singular in excellence; matchless; peerless; outstanding.	Used or employed for odd jobs.	Without a corresponding mate in a pair or set; unmatched; (of a pair or set) mismatched.
odd	noun	An odd number.	Something left over, not forming part of a set.
couldve		
hero	noun	A large sandwich made from meats and cheeses; a hero sandwich.	A role model.	Somebody who possesses great bravery and carries out extraordinary or noble deeds.	The current player, especially a hypothetical player for example and didactic purposes. Compare: villain (“any opponent player”). Not to be confused with hero call (“a weak call against a supposed bluff”).	The eye-catching top portion of a web page, sometimes including a hero image; the portion above the fold.	The product chosen from several candidates to be photographed, as in food advertising, or with props used in a movie.	The protagonist in a work of fiction.	The standout component of a dish; the part of a dish that should take center stage on the palate.
hero	verb	To act as a hero (brave person; role model; or protagonist).	To bring attention to; to highlight; to spotlight.	To praise or laud.
refer	verb	To be referential to another element in a sentence.	To direct the attention of (someone toward something)	To have the meaning of, to denote.	To make reference to; to be about; to relate to; to regard; to allude to.	To mention (something); to direct attention (to something)	To place in or under by a mental or rational process; to assign to, as a class, a cause, source, a motive, reason, or ground of explanation.	To point to either a specific location in computer memory or to a specific object.	To require to resit an examination.	To submit to (another person or group) for consideration; to send or direct elsewhere.
refer	noun	A blurb on the front page of a newspaper issue or section that refers the reader to the full story inside the issue or section by listing its slug or headline and its page number.
rarely	adv	Not occurring at a regular interval; seldom; not often.	To a rare degree; very.	Unusually well; excellently.
bone	noun	A bone of a fish; a fishbone.	A bonefish.	A cannabis cigarette; a joint.	A composite material consisting largely of calcium phosphate and collagen and making up the skeleton of most vertebrates.	A dollar.	A domino or die.	A reward.	An erect penis; a boner.	An off-white colour, like the typical colour of bone.	Any of the components of an endoskeleton, made of this material.	Anything made of bone, such as a bobbin for weaving bone lace.	Clipping of trombone.	One of the fragments of bone held between the fingers of the hand and rattled together to keep time to music.	One of the rigid parts of a corset that forms its frame, the boning, originally made of whalebone.	The framework of anything.	The wishbone formation.
bone	adj	Of an off-white colour, like the colour of bone.
bone	verb	To apprehend, steal.	To fertilize with bone.	To have sexual intercourse (with).	To make level, using a particular procedure; to survey a level line.	To nag, especially for an unpaid debt.	To perform “bone pointing”, a ritual that is intended to bring illness or even death to the victim.	To polish boots to a shiny finish.	To prepare (meat, etc) by removing the bone or bones from.	To put whalebone into.	To sight along an object or set of objects to check whether they are level or in line.	To study.
bone	adv	Used before an adjective as an intensifier
mystery	noun	A craft, art or trade; specifically a guild of craftsmen.	A mystery play.	A particular event or series of events in the life of Christ.	A religious truth not understandable by the application of human reason alone (without divine aid).	A sacrament.	A secret or mystical meaning.	A secret religious celebration, admission to which was usually through initiation.	An account, story, book, film, or play, often with the theme of crime or murder, with a surprise ending that explains all the strange events that have occurred.	Someone or something with an obscure or puzzling nature.	Something secret or unexplainable; an unknown.
reduce	verb	To add electrons / hydrogen or to remove oxygen.	To annul by legal means.	To be forced by circumstances (into something one considers unworthy).	To bring down the size, quantity, quality, value or intensity of something; to diminish, to lower.	To bring to an inferior rank; to degrade, to demote.	To bring to an inferior state or condition.	To convert a syllogism to a clearer or simpler form.	To convert to written form. (Usage note: this verb almost always appears as "reduce to writing".)	To decrease the liquid content of food by boiling much of its water off.	To express the solution of a problem in terms of another (known) algorithm.	To humble; to conquer; to subdue; to capture.	To lose weight.	To perform a reduction; to restore a fracture or dislocation to the correct alignment.	To produce metal from ore by removing nonmetallic elements in a smelter.	To pronounce (a sound or word) with less effort.	To reform a line or column from (a square).	To simplify an equation or formula without changing its value.	To strike off the payroll.	To translate (a book, document, etc.).
faith	noun	A conviction about abstractions, ideas, or beliefs, without empirical evidence, experience, or observation.	A religious or spiritual belief system.	A trust or confidence in the intentions or abilities of a person, object, or ideal from prior empirical evidence.	An obligation of loyalty or fidelity and the observance of such an obligation.	Credibility or truth.
faith	adv	Alternative form of in faith (“really, truly”).
faith	intj	Ellipsis of by my faith.
per	prep	By the, by means of the, via the, through the.	For each.	In accordance with, as per	To each, in each (used in expressing ratios of units).
per	pron	Them (singular) Neologistic gender-neutral third-person singular object pronoun, suggested for use in place of him and her.	They (singular). Gender-neutral neologistic third-person singular subject pronoun, coordinate with gendered pronouns he and she.
per	adj	Belonging to per, their (singular). Gender-neutral third-person singular possessive adjective, coordinate with gendered his and her.
Africa	name	A former province of the Roman Empire, containing what is now Tunisia, northeastern Algeria and portions of coastal Libya; existing from 146 BC (initially in the Roman Republic) through 698 AD, except for 439 through 534 AD, when it was occupied by the Vandals.	A surname.	Sub-Saharan Africa, contrasted with the Maghreb.	The continent that is south of Europe, east of the Atlantic Ocean, west of the Indian Ocean and north of Antarctica.
benefit	noun	A payment made in accordance with an insurance policy or a public assistance scheme.	An advantage; help or aid from something.	An event, such as a theatrical performance, given to raise funds for some cause.	Intended audience (as for the benefit of).	beneficence; liberality
benefit	verb	To be or to provide a benefit to.	To receive a benefit (from); to be a beneficiary.
instruction	noun	A set of directions provided by a manufacturer for the users of a product or service.	A single operation of a processor defined by an instruction set architecture.	An instance of the information or knowledge so furnished.	An order or command.	The act of instructing, teaching, or providing with information or knowledge.	The directions given by a client to their lawyer in relation to a particular legal matter, which govern the purpose and scope of their work.
property	noun	A piece of real estate, such as a parcel of land.	A produced stage play, movie, or the like.	A prop, an object used in a dramatic production.	A script, book, screenplay, or the like that is on the market or has been bought for commercial production as a stage play, movie, or the like.	An attribute or abstract quality associated with an individual, object or concept.	An attribute or abstract quality which is characteristic of a class of objects.	An editable or read-only parameter associated with an application, component or class; especially (object-oriented programming) one that encapsulates an underlying variable.	Propriety; correctness.	Real estate; the business of selling houses.	Something that is owned.	The exclusive right of possessing, enjoying and disposing of a thing.
property	verb	To invest with properties, or qualities.	To make a property of; to appropriate.
flood	noun	A floodlight.	A large number or quantity of anything appearing more rapidly than can easily be dealt with.	An overflow of a large amount of water (usually disastrous) from a lake or other body of water due to excessive rainfall or other input of water.	Menstrual discharge; menses.	The flowing in of the tide, opposed to the ebb.	Water as opposed to land.
flood	verb	To bleed profusely, as after childbirth.	To cover or partly fill as if by a flood.	To overflow, as by water from excessive rainfall.	To paste numerous lines of text to (a chat system) in order to disrupt the conversation.	To provide (someone or something) with a larger number or quantity of something than can easily be dealt with.
captain	noun	A chief or leader.	A commissioned officer in the United States Navy, Coast Guard, NOAA Corps, or PHS Corps of a grade superior to a commander and junior to a rear admiral (lower half). A captain is equal in grade or rank to a United States Army, Marine Corps, or Air Force colonel.	A maître d', a headwaiter.	A naval officer with a rank between commander and commodore.	An army officer with a rank between the most senior grade of lieutenant and major.	An honorific title given to a prominent person. See colonel.	One of the athletes on a sports team who is designated to make decisions, and is allowed to speak for his team with a referee or official.	The head boy of a school.	The leader of a group of workers.	The person lawfully in command of a ship or other vessel.
captain	verb	To act as captain	To exercise command of a ship, aircraft or sports team.
genius	noun	Extraordinary mental capacity.	Inspiration, a mental leap, an extraordinary creative process.	Someone possessing extraordinary intelligence or skill; especially somebody who has demonstrated this by a creative or original work in science, music, art etc.	The tutelary deity or spirit of a place or person.
genius	adj	Ingenious, brilliant, very clever, or original.
invent	verb	To come upon; to find; to discover.	To create something fictional for a particular purpose.	To design a new process or mechanism.
fashion	noun	A current (constantly changing) trend, favored for frivolous rather than practical, logical, or intellectual reasons.	A style or manner in which something is done.	Polite, fashionable, or genteel life; social position; good breeding.	Popular trends, especially in clothing; the industry that designs clothing and sometimes other related items.	The make or form of anything; the style, shape, appearance, or mode of structure; pattern, model; workmanship; execution.
fashion	verb	To fit, adapt, or accommodate to.	To forge or counterfeit.	To make in a standard manner; to work.	To make, build or construct, especially in a crude or improvised way.
supper	noun	A drinker, especially one who drinks slowly (i.e., one who sups).	A meal from a chip shop consisting of a deep-fried food with chips.	Any meal eaten in the evening; dinner eaten in the evening, rather than at noon.	Food consumed before going to bed.
supper	verb	To consume a snack before going to bed.	To eat dinner.	To provide (a person or animal) with supper.
separate	verb	To cause (things or people) to be separate.	To disunite from a group or mass; to disconnect.	To divide (a thing) into separate parts.	To divide itself into separate pieces or substances.	To set apart; to select from among others, as for a special use or service.
separate	adj	Apart from (the rest); not connected to or attached to (anything else).	Not together (with); not united (to).
separate	noun	A printing of an article from a periodical as its own distinct publication and distributed independently, often with different page numbers.	Anything that is sold by itself, especially articles of clothing such as blouses, skirts, jackets, and pants.
cheek	noun	Either side of an axehead.	Impudence.	One of the genae, flat areas on the sides of a trilobite's cephalon.	One of the pieces of a machine, or of timber or stonework, that form corresponding sides or a similar pair.	The branches of a bridle bit.	The lower part of the buttocks that is often exposed beneath very brief underwear, swimwear, or extremely short shorts.	The middle section of a flask, made so that it can be moved laterally, to permit the removal of the pattern from the mould.	The soft skin on each side of the face, below the eyes; the outer surface of the sides of the oral cavity.	pump-cheek, pump-cheeks, a piece of wood cut out fork-shaped in which the brake is fastened by means of a bolt and can thus move around and move the upper box of the pump up and down
cheek	verb	To be impudent towards.	To pull a horse's head back toward the saddle using the cheek strap of the bridle.	To put or keep something in one’s cheek.
yell	verb	To convey by shouting.	To shout; holler; make a loud sound with the voice, especially to express intense emotions such as anger or excitement.	To tell someone off in a loud and angry manner.
yell	noun	A phrase to be shouted.	A shout.
yell	adj	dry (of cow)
musician	noun	A composer, conductor, or performer of music; specifically, a person who sings and/or plays a musical instrument as a hobby, occupation, or profession.
individual	noun	A person considered alone, rather than as belonging to a group of people.	A single physical human being as a legal subject, as opposed to a legal person such as a corporation.	An element belonging to a population.	An object, be it a thing or an agent, as contrasted to a class.
individual	adj	Intended for a single person as opposed to more than one person.	Not divisible without losing its identity.	Relating to a single person or thing as opposed to more than one.
wed	verb	To join or commit to, more or less permanently, as if in marriage.	To perform the marriage ceremony for; to join in matrimony.	To take a spouse.	To take as one's spouse.	To take each other as a spouse.	To take to oneself and support; to espouse.	To wager, stake, bet, place a bet, make a wager.
direct	adj	Having a single flight number.	Immediate; express; plain; unambiguous.	In the direction of the general planetary motion, or from west to east; in the order of the signs; not retrograde; said of the motion of a celestial body.	In the line of descent; not collateral.	Not employing the law of the excluded middle or argument by contradiction.	Pertaining to, or effected immediately by, action of the people through their votes instead of through one or more representatives or delegates.	Proceeding without deviation or interruption.	Straight; not crooked, oblique, or circuitous; leading by the short or shortest way to a point or end.	Straightforward; sincere.
direct	adv	Directly.
direct	verb	To address (a letter) to a particular person or place.	To aim (something) at (something else).	To manage, control, steer.	To point out to or show (somebody) the right course or way; to guide, as by pointing out the way; to refer.	To point out to with authority; to instruct as a superior; to order.
shame	noun	An uncomfortable or painful feeling due to recognition or consciousness of one's own impropriety or dishonor, or something being exposed that should have been kept private.	Reproach incurred or suffered; dishonour; ignominy; derision.	Something to regret.	That which is shameful and private, especially private parts.	The capacity to be ashamed, inhibiting one from brazen behaviour; due regard for one's own moral conduct and how one is perceived by others; restraint, moderation, decency.	The cause or reason of shame; that which brings reproach and ignominy.
shame	intj	A cry of admonition for the subject of a speech, either to denounce the speaker or to agree with the speaker's denunciation of some person or matter; often used reduplicated, especially in political debates.	Expressing sympathy.
shame	adj	Feeling shame; ashamed.
shame	verb	To cause to feel shame.	To cover with reproach or ignominy; to dishonor; to disgrace.	To denounce as having done something shameful; to criticize with the intent or effect of causing a feeling of shame.	To drive or compel by shame.	To feel shame, be ashamed.	To mock at; to deride.
replace	verb	To demolish (a building) and build an updated form of that building in its place.	To place again.	To put in a new or different place.	To refund; to repay; to pay back.	To restore to a former place, position, condition, etc.; to put back.	To supply or substitute an equivalent with.	To take over the position or role from.	To take the place of; to be used instead of.
possibly	adv	In the realm of possibility; indicates that the action may successfully be performed (is not impossible) regardless of any facts or circumstances known to, stated by or implied by the speaker that might limit the performance.	Perhaps; indicates that the proposition may be true (is not certainly false) regardless of any facts or circumstances known to, stated by or implied by the speaker.
daily	adj	Diurnally: by daylight.	That occurs every day, or at least every working day.
daily	noun	A cleaner who comes in daily.	A daily disposable.	A daily driver.	A newspaper or comic strip etc. that is published every day.	A quest in a massively multiplayer online game that can be repeated every day for cumulative rewards.	Raw, unedited footage traditionally developed overnight and viewed by the cast and crew the next day.	Something that is produced, consumed, used, or done every day.
daily	verb	To drive an automobile frequently, on a daily basis, for regular and mundane tasks.
daily	adv	diurnally, by daylight	quotidianly, every day
importance	noun	Something of importance.	The quality or condition of being important or worthy of note.	personal status or standing.	significance or prominence.
cell	noun	A cella.	A cellular phone.	A device which stores electrical power; used either singly or together in batteries; the basic unit of a battery.	A region of radio reception that is a part of a larger radio network.	A room in a prison or jail for one or more inmates.	A section or compartment of a larger structure.	A short, fixed-length packet, as in asynchronous transfer mode.	A single-room dwelling for a hermit.	A small group of people forming part of a larger organization, often an outlawed one.	A small monastery or nunnery dependent on a larger religious establishment.	A small room in a monastery or nunnery accommodating one person.	A small thunderstorm, caused by convection, that forms ahead of a storm front.	A three-dimensional facet of a polytope.	An area of an insect wing bounded by veins.	Any of various chambers in a tissue or organism having specific functions.	Any small dwelling; a remote nook, a den.	Each of the small hexagonal compartments in a honeycomb.	In FreeCell-type games, a space where one card can be placed.	Specifically, any of the supposed compartments of the brain, formerly thought to be the source of specific mental capacities, knowledge, or memories.	The basic unit of a living organism, consisting of a quantity of protoplasm surrounded by a cell membrane, which is able to synthesize proteins and replicate itself.	The discal cell of the wing of a lepidopteran insect.	The minimal unit of a cellular automaton that can change state and has an associated behavior.	The space between the ribs of a vaulted roof.	The unit in a statistical array (a spreadsheet, for example) where a row and a column intersect.
cell	verb	To place or enclose in a cell.
bury	verb	To hide or conceal as if by covering with earth or another substance.	To kill or murder.	To outlive.	To overwhelm.	To place in the ground.	To put an end to; to abandon.	To render imperceptible by other, more prominent stimuli; to drown out.	To ritualistically inter in a grave or tomb.	To ruin the image or character of another wrestler; usually by embarrassing or defeating them in dominating fashion.	To score (a goal).	To suppress and hide away in one's mind.
bury	noun	A borough; a manor	A burrow.
notebook	noun	A book in which notes or memoranda are written.	A kind of user interface in literate programming, allowing calculations to be interspersed with human-readable comments, diagrams, etc.	Ellipsis of notebook computer (“laptop computer”).
aside	adv	Excluded from consideration.	To or on one side so as to be out of the way.
aside	adj	Not in perfect symmetry; distorted laterally, especially of the human body.
aside	noun	A brief comment by a character addressing the audience, unheard by other characters.	A minor related mention, an afterthought.	An incidental remark to a person next to one made discreetly but not in private, audible only to that person.	An incidental remark to a person next to one made discreetly but not in private, audible only to that person.
 (theater) A brief comment by a character addressing the audience, unheard by other characters.
candle	noun	A fast-growing, light-colored, upward-growing shoot on a pine tree in the spring. As growth slows in summer, the shoot darkens and is no longer conspicuous.	A light source consisting of a wick embedded in a solid, flammable substance such as wax, tallow, or paraffin.	A unit of luminous intensity, now replaced by the SI unit candela.	Indicates how high or low church something is by height on the candle.	The protruding, removable portion of a filter, particularly a water filter.
candle	verb	To check (an item, such as an envelope) by holding it between a light source and the eye.	To dry (greenware) prior to the firing cycle, setting the kiln at 200° Celsius until all water is removed from the greenware.	To observe the growth of an embryo inside (an egg), using a bright light source.
knee	noun	A blow made with the knee; a kneeing.	A piece of timber or metal formed with an angle somewhat in the shape of the human knee when bent.	An act of kneeling, especially to show respect or courtesy.	Any knee-shaped item or sharp angle in a line; an inflection point.	In birds:	In humans, the joint or the region of the joint in the middle part of the leg between the thigh and the shank.	In the horse and allied animals, the carpal joint, corresponding to the wrist in humans.	The joint uniting the tibiotarsus and the femur, typically hidden beneath plumage.	The part of a garment that covers the knee.	The presence of a parent etc., where a young child acquires early knowledge.	The tarsal joint, uniting the tarsometatarsus and the tibiotarsus (homologous to the human ankle).
knee	verb	To kneel to.	To move on the knees; to use the knees to move.	To poke or strike with the knee.
elephant	noun	A large mammal of the family Elephantidae in the order Proboscidea, having a trunk, and native to Africa and Asia.	A xiangqi piece that is moved two points diagonally, may not jump over intervening pieces and may not cross the river.	Any member of the subfamily Elephantinae not also of the genera Mammuthus and Primelephas.	Anything huge and ponderous.	Ivory.	Synonym of elephant paper.	used when counting to add length, so that each count takes about one second
careless	adj	Free from care; unworried, without anxiety.	Not concerned or worried (about).	Not giving sufficient attention or thought, especially concerning the avoidance of harm or mistakes.
April	name	A female given name transferred from the month name [in turn from English]; used since the early 20th century.	A surname.	The fourth month of the Gregorian calendar, following March and preceding May.
camp	noun	A base of a military group, not necessarily temporary.	A group of people with the same strong ideals or political leanings.	A place of politically motivated confinement in outdoorsy conditions, usually also leading to slave labor and death.	A single hut or shelter.	An affected, exaggerated, or intentionally tasteless style.	An army.	An electoral constituency of the legislative assembly of the Falkland Islands that composes of all territory more than 3.5 miles from the spire of the Christ Church Cathedral in Stanley.	An online game, in some cases roleplay, in which people compete against each other, usually in a structure similar to that of a competition show.	An organised event, often taking place in tents or temporary accommodation.	An outdoor place acting as temporary accommodation in tents or other simple structures.	Any prison or prison camp.	Anywhere that a colonist stayed when away from their permanent residence; such places collectively.	Clipping of campus	Conflict; battle.	Misconstruction of clamp (“mound of earth in which potatoes and other vegetables are stored”).	The areas of the Falkland Islands situated outside the capital and largest settlement, Stanley.	The company or body of persons encamped.
camp	verb	Ellipsis of corpse camp.	To afford rest or lodging for.	To behave in a camp manner.	To fight; contend in battle or in any kind of contest; to strive with others in doing anything; compete.	To live in a tent or similar temporary accommodation.	To set up a camp.	To stay beside (something) to gain an advantage.	To stay in an advantageous location.	To wrangle; argue.
camp	adj	Intentionally tasteless or vulgar; self-parodying.	Ostentatiously effeminate.	Theatrical; making exaggerated gestures.
unlikely	adj	Not holding out a prospect of success; likely to fail; unpromising.	Not likely; improbable; not to be reasonably expected.
unlikely	adv	In an improbable manner.
unlikely	noun	Something or somebody considered unlikely.
release	noun	A catch on a motor-starting rheostat, which automatically releases the rheostat arm and so stops the motor in case of a break in the field circuit.	A device adapted to hold or release a device or mechanism as required.	A kind of bridge used in jazz music.	Anything recently released or made available (as for sale).	Discharged semen	In the block system, a printed card conveying information and instructions to be used at intermediate sidings without telegraphic stations.	Liberation from pain or suffering.	Orgasm.	That which is released, untied or let go.	The act or manner of ending a sound.	The catch on an electromagnetic circuit breaker for a motor, triggered in the event of an overload.	The distribution, either public or private, of an initial or new and upgraded version of a computer software product.	The event of setting (someone or something) free (e.g. hostages, slaves, prisoners, caged animals, hooked or stuck mechanisms).	The giving up of a claim, especially a debt.	The lever or button on a camera that opens the shutter to allow a photograph to be taken.	The process by which a chemical substance is set free.
release	verb	(of a call) To hang up.	To discharge.	To free or liberate; to set free.	To launch; to come out; to become available.	To lease again; to grant a new lease of; to let back.	To let go of; to cease to hold or contain.	To let go, quit (a legal claim); to discharge or relinquish a right to (lands or buildings) by conveying to another who has some right or estate in possession.	To loosen; to relax; to remove the obligation of.	To make available to the public.	To set free a chemical substance.	To set up; to provide with a goalscoring opportunity.
volunteer	noun	A native or resident of the American state of Tennessee.	A person who acts out of their own will without a legal obligation, such as a donor.	A plant that grows spontaneously, without being cultivated on purpose; see volunteer plant in Wikipedia.	A voluntary member of the organized militia of a country, as distinguished from a regular or member of the standing army.	One who enters into military service voluntarily (but who, when in service, is subject to discipline and regulations like other soldiers), as opposed to a conscript.	One who enters into, or offers themselves for, any service of their own free will, especially when done without pay.
volunteer	verb	To do or offer to do something voluntarily.	To enlist oneself as a volunteer.	To grow without human sowing or intentional cultivation.	To offer the services of (someone else) to do something.	To offer, usually unprompted.
fever	noun	A group of stingrays.	A higher than normal body temperature of a person (or, generally, a mammal), usually caused by disease.	A state of excitement or anxiety.	Any of various diseases.	Sexual attraction towards a specific group of people.
fever	verb	To become fevered.	To put into a fever; to affect with fever.
double	adj	Designed for two (people, cars, etc.).	False, deceitful, or hypocritical.	Folded in two; composed of two layers.	Having two aspects; ambiguous.	Made up of two matching or complementary elements.	Of a family relationship, related on both the maternal and paternal sides of a family.	Of an instrument, sounding an octave lower.	Of flowers, having more than the normal number of petals.	Of time, twice as fast.	Of twice the quantity.	Stooping; bent over.
double	adv	Into two halves or sections.	Twice over; twofold; doubly.	Two together; two at a time.
double	noun	A bet on two horses in different races in which any winnings from the first race are placed on the horse in the later race.	A boat for two scullers.	A call that increases certain scoring points if the last preceding bid becomes the contract.	A copper coin worth one-eighth of a penny.	A double feast.	A double-cross or betrayal.	A double-precision floating-point number.	A drink with two portions of alcohol.	A former French coin worth one-sixth of a sou.	A ghostly apparition of a living person; a doppelgänger.	A hit on this ring.	A person who resembles and stands in for another person, often for safety purposes	A redundant item for which an identical item already exists.	A secondary instrument with which a musician is skilled.	A sharp turn, especially a return on one's own tracks.	A strike in which the object ball is struck so as to make it rebound against the cushion to an opposite pocket.	A tile that has the same value (i.e., the same number of pips) on both sides.	A two-base hit.	Playing the same part on two instruments, alternately.	Synonym of double-quick (“fast marching pace”).	The achievement of 1000 runs and 100 wickets taken in a single season.	The feat of scoring twice in one game.	The feat of winning two events in a single meet or competition.	The narrow outermost ring on a dartboard.	Twice the number, amount, size, etc.	Two competitions, usually one league and one cup, won by the same team in a single season.
double	verb	To act as substitute for (another theatrical performer in a certain role, etc).	To be capable of performing (upon an additional instrument).	To be the double of; to exceed by twofold; to contain or be worth twice as much as.	To cause (a ball) to rebound from a cushion before entering the pocket.	To clench (a fist).	To double down.	To duplicate (a part) either in unison or at the octave above or below it.	To fold over so as to make two folds.	To get a two-base hit.	To go or march at twice the normal speed.	To increase by 100%, to become twice as large in size.	To join or couple.	To make a call that will double certain scoring points if the preceding bid becomes the contract.	To multiply by two.	To multiply the strength or effect of by two.	To operate as a double agent.	To play (both one part and another, in the same play, etc).	To repeat exactly; copy.	To sail around (a headland or other point).	To serve a second role or have a second purpose.	To transmit simultaneously on the same channel as another station, either unintentionally or deliberately, causing interference.	To turn sharply, following a winding course.	To unite, as ranks or files, so as to form one from each two.
incident	noun	A (relatively minor) event that is incidental to, or related to others.	An aircraft incident, usually a plane crash.	An event or occurrence.	An event that causes or may cause an interruption or a crisis, such as a workplace illness or a software error.
incident	adj	Arising as the result of an event, inherent.	Coming or happening accidentally; not in the usual course of things; not in connection with the main design; not according to expectation; casual; fortuitous.	Dependent upon, or appertaining to, another thing, called the principal.	Falling on or striking a surface.	In a relation of incidence	Liable to happen; apt to occur; befalling; hence, naturally happening or appertaining.
supply	verb	To act as a substitute.	To compensate for, or make up a deficiency of.	To fill temporarily; to serve as substitute for another in, as a vacant place or office; to occupy; to have possession of.	To fill up, or keep full.	To furnish or equip with.	To provide (something), to make (something) available for use.	To serve instead of; to take the place of.
supply	noun	An amount of money provided, as by Parliament or Congress, to meet the annual national expenditures.	An amount of something supplied.	Provisions.	Somebody, such as a teacher or clergyman, who temporarily fills the place of another; a substitute.	The act of supplying.
supply	adv	Supplely: in a supple manner, with suppleness.
horrible	noun	A person wearing a comic or grotesque costume in a parade of horribles.	A thing that causes horror; a terrifying thing, particularly a prospective bad consequence asserted as likely to result from an act.
horrible	adj	Causing horror; terrible; shocking.	Tremendously bad.
circumstance	noun	An event; a fact; a particular incident, occurrence, or condition (status).	Condition in regard to worldly estate; state of property; situation; surroundings.	Evasive or indirect language; circumlocution.	Something which is related to, or in some way affects, a fact or event.
circumstance	verb	To place in a particular situation, especially with regard to money or other resources.
furniture	noun	A type of mixture organ stop.	An accompanying enhancing feature, or features collectively; embellishment, decoration, trimming.	Any material on the page other than the body text and pictures of articles; for example, headlines, datelines and dinkuses, lines and symbols (though in earlier use, only non-text elements of page design, such as lines and symbols).	Arms and armor, equipment of war.	Clothing with which a person is furnished; apparel, outfit.	Condiments of a salad.	Contents; that with which something is filled or stocked.	Draped coverings and hangings; bedsheets, tablecloths, tapestries, etc.	Equipment for work, apparatus, tools, instruments.	Fittings, such as handles, of a door, coffin, or other wooden item.	Impressive-looking books used for filling out the collection of a private library.	Large movable item(s), usually in a room, which enhance(s) the room's characteristics, functionally or decoratively.	Stock, supply, stores, provisions.	The action of furnishing or supplying.	The condition of being equipped, prepared, or mentally cultivated.	The harness, trappings etc. of a horse, hawk, or other animal.	The pieces of wood or metal put around pages of type to make proper margins and fill the spaces between the pages and the chase.	The stock and forearm of a weapon.	The stumps.
dear	adj	A formal way to start (often after my) addressing somebody one likes or regards kindly.	A formal way to start (possibly after my) addressing somebody at the beginning of a letter, memo etc.	An ironic way to start (often after my) addressing an inferior or someone one dislikes.	Fierce.	High in price; expensive.	Loved; lovable.	Lovely; kind.	Loving, affectionate, heartfelt	Noble.	Precious to or greatly valued by someone.	Severe, or severely affected; sore.
dear	noun	A beloved person.	A very kind, loving person.	An affectionate, familiar term of address, such as used between husband and wife.	An elderly person, especially a woman.
dear	verb	To endear.
dear	adv	Dearly; at a high price.
dear	intj	Indicating surprise, pity, or disapproval.
couch	noun	A bed, a resting-place.	A mass of steeped barley spread upon a floor to germinate, in malting; or the floor occupied by the barley.	A preliminary layer, as of colour or size.	An item of furniture, often upholstered, for the comfortable seating of more than one person; a sofa.	Couch grass, a species of persistent grass, Elymus repens, usually considered a weed.	Psychotherapy.	The den of an otter.	Voters who opt out of voting, usually by staying home on their couch.
couch	verb	In the treatment of a cataract in the eye, to displace the opaque lens with a sharp object such as a needle. The technique is regarded as largely obsolete.	To arrange or dispose as if in a bed.	To attach a thread onto fabric with small stitches in order to add texture.	To bend the body, as in reverence, pain, labor, etc.; to stoop; to crouch.	To lay or deposit in a bed or layer; to bed.	To lay something upon a bed or other resting place.	To lie down for concealment; to conceal, to hide; to be concealed; to be included or involved darkly or secretly.	To lie down; to recline (upon a couch or other place of repose).	To lower (a spear or lance) to the position of attack.	To phrase in a particular style; to use specific wording for.	To transfer (for example, sheets of partly dried pulp) from the wire mould to a felt blanket for further drying.
fuck	verb	To be very good, to rule, go hard.	To break, to destroy.	To defraud, deface, or otherwise treat badly.	To have penetrative sex (as opposed to oral sex, etc.).	To have sexual intercourse with.	To have sexual intercourse; to copulate.	To insert one's penis, a dildo, etc., into a person or a specified orifice or cleft sexually; to penetrate.	To masturbate.	To put in an extremely difficult or impossible situation.	To scold.	To throw, to lob something. (angrily)	Used in a phrasal verb: fuck with (“to play with, to tinker”).	Used to express great displeasure with, or contemptuous dismissal of, someone or something.
fuck	noun	A highly contemptible person.	A sexual partner, especially a casual one.	An act of sexual intercourse.	Semen.	The smallest amount of concern or consideration.
fuck	intj	A semi-voluntary vocalization in place of a gasp.	Expressing dismay or discontent.	Expressing surprise or enjoyment.
fuck	adv	Used after an inverted subject pronoun and auxiliary verb or copula to emphatically negate the verb.	Used as an intensifier for the words "yes" and "no".
fuck	particle	Used as a shortened form of various common interrogative phrases.
rabbit	noun	A batsman who is frequently dismissed by the same bowler (said to be that player's rabbit).	A large element at the beginning of a list of items to be bubble sorted, and thus tending to be quickly swapped into its correct position. Compare turtle.	A mammal of most genera of the family Leporidae, with long ears, long hind legs and a short, fluffy tail.	A pneumatically-controlled tool used to insert small samples of material inside the core of a nuclear reactor.	A runner in a distance race whose goal is mainly to set the pace, either to tire a specific rival so that a teammate can win or to help another break a record; a pacesetter.	A very poor batsman, selected as a bowler or wicket-keeper.	A vibrator with a shaft and a clitoral stimulator usually shaped like a rabbit's ears.	Rarebit; Welsh rabbit or a similar dish: melted cheese served atop toast.	The fur of a rabbit typically used to imitate another animal's fur.	The meat from this animal.
rabbit	verb	Confound; damn; drat.	To flee.	To hunt rabbits.	To talk incessantly and in a childish manner; to babble annoyingly.
washing	noun	A fraudulent transaction in which the same stock is simultaneously bought and sold for the purpose of manipulating the market.	A place where a precious metal found in gravel is separated from lighter material by washing.	A thin covering or coat.	Clothing, bedlinen or soft furnishings that have been, are currently being, or are to be washed; laundry.	The action of the verb to wash	The covering of a piece with an infusible powder, which prevents it from sticking to its supports, while receiving the glaze.	The liquid used to wash an ore.	The residue after an ore, etc, has been washed
washing	verb	present participle and gerund of wash
sex	noun	A category into which sexually-reproducing organisms are divided on the basis of their reproductive roles in their species; the system of such categories, which can differ by organism or by taxonomic branch.	Alternative form of sect.	Another category, especially of humans and especially based on sexuality or gender roles.	Genitalia: a penis or vagina/vulva.	Sexual activity, usually sexual intercourse unless preceded by a modifier.	The distinction and relation between these categories, especially in humans; gender.	The members of such a category, taken collectively.	Women; the human female gender and those who belong to it.
sex	verb	To determine the sex of (an animal).	To have sex with.	To have sex.
especially	adv	In a special manner; specially.	Particularly; to a greater extent than is normal.	Used to place greater emphasis upon someone or something.
official	adj	Approved by authority; authorized.	Derived from the proper office or officer, or the appropriate authority; made or communicated by authority	Discharging an office or function.	Dubious but recognized by authorities as the truth or canon.	Listed in a national pharmacopeia.	Of or about an office or public trust.	Relating to an ecclesiastical judge appointed by a bishop, chapter, archdeacon, etc., with charge of the spiritual jurisdiction.	Relating to an office, especially a subordinate executive officer or attendant.	Sanctioned by the pharmacopoeia; appointed to be used in medicine; officinal.	True, real, beyond doubt.
official	noun	An office holder, a person holding an official position in government, sports, or other organization.
fifteen	num	The cardinal number occurring after fourteen (14) and before sixteen (16).
fifteen	noun	An Irish traybake made with crushed digestive biscuits, marshmallows and glacé cherries combined with condensed milk and desiccated coconut.
industry	noun	A typological classification of stone tools, associated with a technocomplex.	Automated production of material goods.	Businesses of the same type, considered as a whole. Trade.	Businesses that produce goods as opposed to services.	The sector of the economy consisting of large-scale enterprises.	The tendency to work persistently.
bark	verb	To abrade or rub off any outer covering from.	To cover or inclose with bark, or as with bark.	To girdle.	To make a clamor; to make importunate outcries.	To make a short, loud, explosive noise with the vocal organs (said of animals, especially dogs).	To speak sharply.	To strip the bark from; to peel.
bark	noun	A sailing vessel or boat of any kind.	A small sailing vessel, e.g. a pinnace or a fishing smack; a rowing boat or barge.	A vessel, typically with three (or more) masts, with the foremasts (or fore- and mainmasts) square-rigged, and mizzenmast schooner-rigged.	An Irish person.	An abrupt loud vocal utterance.	Hard candy made in flat sheets, for instance out of chocolate, peanut butter, toffee or peppermint.	Peruvian bark or Jesuit's bark, the bark of the cinchona from which quinine is produced.	The crust formed on barbecued meat that has had a rub applied to it.	The envelopment or outer covering of anything.	The exterior covering of the trunk and branches of a tree.	The quick opening of the hi-hat cymbal as it is hit, followed by its timely closing.	The short, loud, explosive sound uttered by a dog, a fox, and some other animals.
ancient	adj	Existent or occurring in time long past, usually in remote ages; belonging to or associated with antiquity; old, as opposed to modern.	Experienced; versed.	Former; sometime.	Having lasted from a remote period; having been of long duration; of great age, very old.	Relating to antiquity as a primarily European historical period; the time before the Middle Ages.
ancient	noun	A flag, banner, standard or ensign.	A person who is very old.	A person who lived in ancient times.	A senior; an elder; a predecessor.	One of the senior members of the Inns of Court or of Chancery.	The bearer of a flag; ensign.
George	noun	A coin bearing King George's profile.	A jewelled figure of St George slaying the dragon, worn by Knights of the Garter.	radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter G.
George	name	A French surname originating as a patronymic.	A German surname originating as a patronymic, a variant of Georg.	A city in Lyon County, Iowa; named for the son of a railroad official.	A city in the Western Cape province, South Africa; named for George III of the United Kingdom.	A diminutive of the female given names Georgina or Georgia; also used in the conjoined name George Ann(e).	A ghost town in Franklin County, Missouri; named for postmaster Stephen H. George.	A locale in the United States.	A male given name from Ancient Greek.	A minor city in Grant County, Washington; named for George Washington, 1st president of the United States.	A surname from Irish [in turn originating as a patronymic], an anglicization of Seoirse.	An English and Welsh surname originating as a patronymic.	Generic name for a Pullman porter.	The autopilot of an aircraft.
challenge	noun	A bid to overcome something.	A confrontation; a dare.	A difficult task, especially one that the person making the attempt finds more enjoyable because of that difficulty.	A judge's interest in the result of a case, constituting grounds for them to not be allowed to sit the case (e.g., a conflict of interest).	A procedure or action.	A summons to fight a duel; also, the letter or message conveying the summons.	An act of seeking to have a certain person be declared not legally qualified to vote, made when the person offers their ballot.	An antagonization or instigation intended to convince a person to perform an action they otherwise would not.	An attempt to have a work of literature restricted or removed from a public library or school curriculum.	An attempt to take possession; a tackle.	The act of a sentry in halting a person and demanding the countersign, or (by extension) the action of a computer system demanding a password, etc.	The act of appealing a ruling or decision of a court of administrative agency.	The act of seeking to remove a judge, arbitrator, or other judicial or semi-judicial figure for reasons of alleged bias or incapacity.	The opening and crying of hounds upon first finding the scent of their game.
challenge	verb	To be difficult or challenging for.	To call something into question or dispute.	To censure; to blame.	To claim as due; to demand as a right.	To dare (someone).	To dispute (something); to contest.	To invite (someone) to take part in a competition.	To make a formal objection to a juror.	To object to the reception of the vote of, e.g. on the ground that the person is not qualified as a voter.	To question or demand the countersign from (one who attempts to pass the lines).	To take (a final exam) in order to get credit for a course without taking it.
dentist	noun	A medical doctor who specializes in teeth.	Deliberate misspelling of Dengist.
lecture	noun	A berating or scolding, especially if lengthy, formal or given in a stern or angry manner.	A class that primarily consists of a (weekly or other regularly held) lecture (as in sense 1), usually at college or university.	A spoken lesson or exposition, usually delivered to a group.	The act of reading.
lecture	verb	To preach, to berate, to scold.	To teach (somebody) by giving a speech on a given topic.
conduct	noun	A priest hired to hold services without secure title; now a chaplain.	Behaviour; the manner of behaving.	Convoy; escort; person who accompanies another.	Plot.	Skillful guidance or management.	Something which carries or conveys anything; a channel; an instrument; a conduit.	The act or method of controlling or directing.
conduct	verb	To act as a conductor (as of heat, electricity, etc.); to carry.	To behave.	To carry out (something organized)	To direct, as the leader in the performance of a musical composition.	To lead, or guide; to escort.	To lead; to direct; to be in charge of (people or tasks)	To serve as a medium for conveying; to transmit (heat, light, electricity, etc.)
rescue	verb	To achieve something positive under difficult conditions.	To adopt (an animal).	To fix a mistake made while preparing something, especially in cooking.	To free or liberate from confinement or other physical restraint.	To recover forcibly, especially from a siege.	To remove or withdraw from a state of exposure to evil and sin.	To restore a particular trait in an organism that was lost or altered, especially where this loss was as the consequence of some experimental manipulation.	To salvage and restore something that has been discarded.	To save from any violence, danger or evil.
rescue	noun	A liberation, freeing.	A rescuee.	A special airliner flight to bring home passengers who are stranded.	An act or episode of rescuing, saving.	The act of unlawfully freeing a person, or confiscated goods, from custody.	The forcible ending of a siege; liberation from similar military peril.
contribute	verb	To give something that is or becomes part of a larger whole.
attract	verb	To draw by moral, emotional or sexual influence; to engage or fix, as the mind, attention, etc.; to invite or allure.	To incur.	To pull toward without touching.
justice	noun	A title given to judges of certain courts; capitalized when placed before a name.	Correctness, conforming to reality or rules.	Judgment and punishment of a party who has allegedly wronged another.	The civil power dealing with law.	The ideal of fairness, impartiality, etc., especially with regard to the punishment of wrongdoing.	The state or characteristic of being just or fair.
witness	noun	Attestation of a fact or event; testimony.	One who is called upon to witness an event or action, such as a wedding or the signing of a document.	One who sees or has personal knowledge of something.	Someone called to give evidence in a court.	Something that serves as evidence; a sign or token.
witness	verb	To furnish proof of, to show.	To present personal religious testimony; to preach at (someone) or on behalf of.	To see or gain knowledge of through experience.	To see the execution of (a legal instrument), and subscribe it for the purpose of establishing its authenticity.	To take as evidence.
path	noun	A Pagan tradition, for example witchcraft, Wicca, druidism, Heathenry.	A continuous map f from the unit interval I=[0,1] to a topological space X.	A course taken.	A human-readable specification for a location within a hierarchical or tree-like structure, such as a file system or as part of a URL.	A metaphorical course or route; progress.	A method or direction of proceeding.	A sequence of vertices from one vertex to another using the arcs (edges). A path does not visit the same vertex more than once (unless it is a closed path, where only the first and the last vertex are the same).	A slot available for allocation to a railway train over a given route in between other trains.	A trail for the use of, or worn by, pedestrians.	Pathology.
path	verb	To make a path in, or on (something), or for (someone).	To navigate through a file system directory tree (to a desired file or folder).
quarrel	noun	A cutting tool or chisel with a diamond- or square-shaped end.	A diamond- or square-shaped piece of glass forming part of a lattice window.	A dispute or heated argument (especially one that is verbal).	A propensity to quarrel; quarrelsomeness.	A small square-shaped opening in window tracery.	A square tile; a quarry tile; (uncountable) such tiles collectively.	An arrow or bolt for a crossbow or an arbalest (“a late, large type of crossbow”), traditionally with the head square in its cross section.	Often preceded by a form of to have: a basis or ground of dispute or objection; a complaint; also, a feeling or situation of ill will and unhappiness caused by this.
quarrel	verb	Followed by at: to disagree with; to take offence.	To argue fiercely; to contend; to squabble; to cease to be on friendly terms, to fall out.	To argue or squabble with (someone).	To find fault; to cavil.
mistaken	verb	past participle of mistake
mistaken	adj	Erroneous.	Having an incorrect belief.
flag	noun	A dark piece of material that can be mounted on a stand to block or shape the light.	A flag flown by a ship to show the presence on board of the admiral; the admiral himself, or his flagship.	A group of elongated wing feathers in certain hawks.	A group of feathers on the lower part of the legs of certain hawks, owls, etc.	A hook attached to the stem of a written note that assigns its rhythmic value	A mechanical indicator that pops up to draw the pilot's attention to a problem or malfunction.	A piece of cloth, often decorated with an emblem, used as a visual signal or symbol.	A sequence of faces of a given polytope, one of each dimension up to that of the polytope (formally, though in practice not always explicitly, including the null face and the polytope itself), such that each face in the sequence is part of the next-higher dimension face.	A sequence of subspaces of a vector space, beginning with the null space and ending with the vector space itself, such that each member of the sequence (until the last) is a proper subspace of the next.	A signal flag.	A slab of stone; a flagstone, a flat piece of stone used for paving.	A slice of turf; a sod.	A variable or memory location that stores a Boolean true-or-false, yes-or-no value, typically either recording the fact that a certain event has occurred or requesting that a certain optional action take place.	An apron.	An indication that a certain outcome or event is going to happen, deduced not logically or causally, but as a pattern in a piece of media. Chiefly used in video games and adjacent media, especially visual novels, it is typically described as being raised or set by the plot or words of a character.	Any hard, evenly stratified sandstone, which splits into layers suitable for flagstones.	Any of various plants with sword-shaped leaves, especially irises; specifically, Iris pseudacorus.	In a command line interface, a command parameter requesting optional behavior or otherwise modifying the action of the command being invoked.	The bushy tail of a dog such as a setter.	The design that could be placed on a flag, typically a rectangular graphic that is used to represent an entity (like a country, organisation or group of people) or an idea.	The game of capture the flag.	The use of a flag, especially to indicate the start of a race or other event.
flag	verb	In female canids, to signal mating readiness by moving the tail aside to expose the vulva.	To convey (a message) by means of flag signals.	To decoy (game) by waving a flag, handkerchief, etc. to arouse the animal's curiosity.	To defeat (an opponent) on time, especially in a blitz game.	To enervate; to exhaust the vigour or elasticity of.	To fail, such as a class or an exam.	To furnish or deck out with flags.	To hang loose without stiffness; to bend down, as flexible bodies; to be loose, yielding, limp.	To let droop; to suffer to fall, or let fall, into feebleness.	To lose on time, especially in a blitz game; when using a traditional analog chess clock, a flag would fall when time expired.	To mark with a flag, especially to indicate the importance of something.	To note, mark or point out for attention.	To pave with flagstones.	To penalize for an infraction.	To point the muzzle of a firearm at a person or object one does not intend to fire on.	To set a program variable to true.	To signal (an event).	To signal to, especially to stop a passing vehicle etc.	To weaken, become feeble.
exciting	verb	present participle and gerund of excite
exciting	adj	creating or producing excitement
exciting	noun	The process of something becoming excited; excitation.
struggle	noun	A contortion of the body in an attempt to escape or to perform a difficult task.	Strife, contention, great effort.
struggle	verb	To have difficulty with something.	To strive, or to make efforts, with a twisting, or with contortions of the body.	To strive, to labour in difficulty, to fight (for or against), to contend.
betray	verb	To deliver into the hands of an enemy by treachery or fraud, in violation of trust; to give up treacherously or faithlessly.	To disclose (a secret, etc.) in deliberate violation of someone’s confidence.	To disclose or indicate, for example something which prudence would conceal; to reveal unintentionally.	To lead astray; to seduce (as under promise of marriage) and then abandon.	To mislead; to expose to inconvenience not foreseen; to lead into error or sin.	To prove faithless or treacherous to, as to a trust or one who trusts; to be false to; to deceive.	To violate the confidence of, by disclosing a secret, or that which one is bound in honor not to make known.
Spain	name	A country in Southern Europe, including most of the Iberian peninsula. Official name: Kingdom of Spain. Capital and largest city: Madrid.	An English ethnic surname transferred from the nickname for someone with Spanish ancestry.
Maria	name	A Dravidian language spoken in Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh provinces in India.	A Papuan language spoken in Papua New Guinea.	A female given name from Hebrew.	A surname originating as a matronymic.	Synonym of Mary, mother of Jesus, in Latin, Spanish, etc. contexts.
absence	noun	A state of being away or withdrawn from a place or from companionship	Failure to be present where one is expected, wanted, or needed; nonattendance; deficiency.	Inattention to things present; abstraction (of mind).	Lack of contact between blades.	Lack; deficiency; non-existence.	Temporary loss or disruption of consciousness, with sudden onset and recovery, and common in epilepsy.	The period of someone being away.
sock	noun	A cat's or dog's lower leg that is a different color (usually white) from the color pattern on the rest of the animal.	A knitted or woven covering for the foot.	A ploughshare.	A sleeve for a microphone to reduce noise.	A sock puppet (type of online account).	A violent blow; a punch.	Abbreviation of socket.	Ellipsis of gun sock.	Ellipsis of windsock.	Synonym of soccus, a light shoe worn by Ancient Greek and Roman comedic actors.
sock	intj	The sound of a punch or powerful blow.
sock	verb	To hit or strike violently; to deliver a blow to.	To throw.
sock	adj	Extremely successful.
valuable	adj	Estimable; deserving esteem.	Having a great value.
valuable	noun	A personal possession such as jewellery, of relatively great monetary value.
desert	noun	A barren area of land or desolate terrain, especially one with little water or vegetation; a wasteland.	Any barren place or situation.	In particular, a barren, arid area of land which is hot, with sandy, rocky, or parched ground.	Obsolete form of dessert.	That which is deserved or merited; a just punishment or reward.
desert	adj	Usually of a place: abandoned, deserted, or uninhabited.
desert	verb	To leave (anything that depends on one's presence to survive, exist, or succeed), especially when contrary to a promise or obligation; to abandon; to forsake.	To leave one's duty or post, especially to leave a military or naval unit without permission.
observe	verb	To comment on something; to make an observation.	To follow or obey the custom, practice, or rules (especially of a religion).	To notice or view, especially carefully or with attention to detail.	To take note of and celebrate (a holiday or similar occurrence), to keep; to follow (a type of time or calendar reckoning).
observe	noun	An observation (remark, comment or judgement).
rough	adj	Approximate; hasty or careless; not finished.	Crude; unrefined.	Difficult; trying.	Harsh-tasting.	Having socio-economic problems, hence possibly dangerous.	Loud and hoarse; offensive to the ear; harsh; grating.	Not polished; uncut.	Not smooth; uneven.	Of or relating to the rough breathing in the Greek language.	Somewhat ill; sick; in poor condition.	Turbulent.	Unwell due to alcohol; hungover.	Violent; not careful or subtle.	Worn; shabby; weather-beaten.
rough	noun	A piece inserted in a horseshoe to keep the animal from slipping.	A quick sketch, similar to a thumbnail but larger and more detailed, used for artistic brainstorming.	A rude fellow; a coarse bully; a rowdy.	A scuffed and roughened area of the pitch, where the bowler's feet fall, used as a target by spin bowlers because of its unpredictable bounce.	Boisterous weather.	The raw material from which faceted or cabochon gems are created.	The unmowed part of a golf course.
rough	verb	To break in (a horse, etc.), especially for military purposes.	To break the rules by being excessively violent.	To commit the offense of roughing, i.e. to punch another player.	To create in an approximate form.	To endure primitive conditions.	To render rough; to roughen.	To roughen a horse's shoes to keep the animal from slipping.
rough	adv	In a rough manner; rudely; roughly.
department	noun	A distinct course of life, action, study, or the like.	A military subdivision of a country	A part, portion, or subdivision.	A specified aspect or quality.	A subdivision of an organization.	A territorial division; a district; especially, in France, one of the districts into which the country is divided for governmental purposes, similar to a county in the UK and in the USA. France is composed of 101 départements organized in 18 régions, each department is divided into arrondissements, in turn divided into cantons.	Act of departing; departure.	One of the divisions of instructions	One of the principal divisions of executive government
mix	verb	To blend by the use of a mixer (machine).	To combine (items from two or more sources normally kept separate).	To combine (several tracks).	To form by mingling; to produce by the stirring together of ingredients; to concoct from different parts.	To produce a finished version of (a recording).	To stir together.	To unite with in company; to join; to associate.
mix	noun	A preparation, usually in the form of a powder, into which other ingredients can be mixed to prepare a specified foodstuff.	A substance used to dilute or adulterate an illicit drug.	The finished version of a recording.	The result of combining items normally kept separate.	The result of mixing several tracks.	The result of mixing two or more substances; a mixture.
Emily	name	A female given name from Latin.
option	noun	A contract giving the holder the right to buy or sell an asset at a set strike price; can apply to financial market transactions, or to ordinary transactions for tangible assets such as a residence or automobile.	One of a set of choices that can be made.	The acquiring or retention of a nationality through personal choice as a right, bypassing selective legal mechanisms for naturalization, especially in cases where a territory is transferred or passed on from one state to another.	The freedom or right to choose.
option	verb	To configure, by setting an option.	To purchase an option on something.
performance	noun	A live show or concert.	That which is performed or accomplished; a thing done or carried through; an achievement; a deed; an act; a feat; especially, an action of an elaborate or public character.	The act of performing; carrying into execution or action; execution; achievement; accomplishment; representation by action.	The actual use of language in concrete situations by native speakers of a language, as opposed to the system of linguistic knowledge they possess (competence), cf. linguistic performance.	The amount of useful work accomplished estimated in terms of time needed, resources used, etc.
impression	noun	A performance metric representing an instance where a post or ad is shown once.	A print on paper from a wood block, metal plate, etc.	A vague recalling of an event, a belief.	An impersonation, an imitation of the mannerisms of another individual.	An outward appearance.	The first coat of colour, such as the priming in house-painting etc.	The indentation or depression made by the pressure of one object on or into another.	The overall effect of something, e.g., on a person.	The vivid perception of something as it is experienced, in contrast to ideas or thoughts drawn from memory or the imagination.	set of copies of a publication printed at one time having the same content, layout, pagination, etc.
impression	verb	To manipulate a blank key within a lock so as to mark it with impressions of the shape of the lock, which facilitates creation of a duplicate key.
conclusion	noun	A decision reached after careful thought.	An estoppel or bar by which a person is held to a particular position.	An experiment, or something from which a conclusion may be drawn.	In an argument or syllogism, the proposition that follows as a necessary consequence of the premises.	The end or close of a pleading, for example, the formal ending of an indictment, "against the peace", etc.	The end, finish, close or last part of something.	The outcome or result of a process or act.	arrangement; settlement.
interview	noun	A conversation in person (or, by extension, over the telephone, Internet etc.) between a journalist and someone whose opinion or statements he or she wishes to record for publication, broadcast etc.	A formal meeting, in person, for the assessment of a candidate or applicant.	A police interrogation of a suspect or party in an investigation.	An audition.	An official face-to-face meeting of monarchs or other important figures.	Any face-to-face meeting, especially of an official or adversarial nature.
interview	verb	To ask questions of (somebody); to have an interview.	To be interviewed; to attend an interview.
total	noun	An amount obtained by the addition of smaller amounts.	Sum.
total	adj	Complete; absolute.	Defined on all possible inputs.	Entire; relating to the whole of something.	Left total: Such that for every x in X there is a y in Y with x R y.	Such that any two elements are comparable, i.e. for all a and b, either a ≤ b, or b ≤ a.
total	verb	To add up; to calculate the sum of.	To amount to; to add up to.	To demolish; to wreck completely. (from total loss)	To equal a total of; to amount to.
encourage	verb	To foster, give help or patronage.	To mentally support; to motivate, give courage, hope or spirit.	To spur on, strongly recommend.
rainy	adj	Pouring with rain; wet; showery
branch	noun	A branch line.	A certificate given by Trinity House to a pilot qualified to take navigational control of a ship in British waters.	A creek or stream which flows into a larger river.	A group of related files in a source control system, including for example source code, build scripts, and media such as images.	A line of family descent, in distinction from some other line or lines from the same stock; any descendant in such a line.	A local congregation of the LDS Church that is not large enough to form a ward; see Wikipedia article on ward in LDS church.	A location of an organization with several locations.	A path of vertices of degree 2, ending at vertices whose degree is not 2.	A sequence of code that is conditionally executed.	An area in business or of knowledge, research.	Any of the parts of something that divides like the branch of a tree.	One of the portions of a curve that extends outwards to an indefinitely great distance.	The woody part of a tree arising from the trunk and usually dividing.
branch	verb	To (cause to) divide into separate parts or subdivisions.	To arise from the trunk or a larger branch of a tree.	To discipline (a union member) at a branch meeting.	To jump to a different location in a program, especially as the result of a conditional statement.	To produce branches.	To strip of branches.
current	noun	A tendency or a course of events.	The amount of electric charge flowing in each unit of time.	The generally unidirectional movement of a gas or fluid.	The part of a fluid that moves continuously in a certain direction, especially (oceanography) ellipsis of ocean current.
current	adj	Electric; of or relating to electricity.	Existing or occurring at the moment.	Generally accepted, used, practiced, or prevalent at the moment; having currency.	Running or moving rapidly.
decline	noun	A deterioration of condition; a weakening or worsening.	A reduction or diminution of activity, prevalence or quantity.	A sloping downward, e.g. of a hill or road.	Downward movement, fall.	The act of declining or refusing something.
decline	verb	To become weaker or worse.	To bend downward; to bring down; to depress; to cause to bend, or fall.	To cause to decrease or diminish.	To choose not to do something; refuse, forbear, refrain.	To inflect for case, number, gender, and the like.	To move downwards, to fall, to drop.	To recite all the different declined forms of (a word): to recite its declension.	To reject a penalty against the opposing team, usually because the result of accepting it would benefit the non-penalized team less than the preceding play.	To run through from first to last; to recite in order as though declining a noun.	To turn or bend aside; to deviate; to stray; to withdraw.
thick	adj	Abounding in number.	Curvy and voluptuous, and especially having large hips.	Deep, intense, or profound.	Densely crowded or packed.	Detailed and expansive; substantive.	Difficult to understand, or poorly articulated.	Friendly or intimate.	Greatly evocative of one's nationality or place of origin.	Having a viscous consistency.	Heavy in build; thickset.	Impenetrable to sight.	Measuring a certain number of units in this dimension.	Prominent, strong.	Relatively great in extent from one surface to the opposite in its smallest solid dimension.	Stupid.	Troublesome; unreasonable.
thick	adv	Frequently or numerously.	In a thick manner.
thick	noun	A stupid person; a fool.	A thicket.	The thickest, or most active or intense, part of something.
thick	verb	To thicken.
thick	det	Alternative form of thilk (“that same”).
attractive	adj	Causing attraction; having the quality of attracting by inherent force.	Having the power of charming or alluring by agreeable qualities; enticing.	Pleasing or appealing to the senses, especially of a potential romantic partner.
accent	noun	A distinctive manner of producing a sign language, such as someone who does not normally use a certain sign language might have when using it.	A higher-pitched or stronger (louder or longer) articulation of a particular syllable of a word or phrase in order to distinguish it from the others or to emphasize it.	A manner of pronunciation suggesting that the speaker is from a different region; a foreign accent.	A mark or character used in writing, in order to indicate the place of the spoken accent, or to indicate the nature or quality of the vowel marked.	A mark used to represent this special emphasis.	A prime symbol.	A regularly recurring stress upon the tone to mark the beginning, and, more feebly, the third part of the measure.	A special emphasis of a tone, even in the weaker part of the measure.	A very small gemstone set into a piece of jewellery.	A word; a significant tone or sound.	Emphasis laid on a part of an artistic design or composition; an emphasized detail, in particular a detail in sharp contrast to its surroundings.	Emphasis or importance in general.	Expressions in general; speech.	Modulation of the voice in speaking; the manner of speaking or pronouncing; a peculiar or characteristic modification of the voice, expressing emotion; tone.	Stress laid on certain syllables of a verse.	The distinctive manner of pronouncing a language associated with a particular region, social group, etc., whether of a native speaker or a foreign speaker; the phonetic and phonological aspects of a dialect.	The rhythmical accent, which marks phrases and sections of a period.	Utterance.
accent	verb	To express the accent of vocally; to utter with accent.	To mark emphatically; to emphasize; to accentuate; to make prominent.	To mark with written accents.
silly	adj	Absurdly large.	Blessed	Good; pious.	Helpless, defenseless.	Holy.	Innocent; suffering undeservedly, especially as an epithet of lambs and sheep.	Insignificant, worthless, (chiefly Scotland) especially with regard to land quality.	Laughable or amusing through foolishness or a foolish appearance.	Lowly, of humble station.	Mentally retarded.	Mentally simple, foolish	Pitiful, inspiring compassion	Pitiful, inspiring compassion, particularly	Rustic, homely.	Rustic, uneducated, unlearned.	Sickly; feeble; infirm.	Simple, plain	Stupefied, senseless; stunned or dazed.	Thoughtless, lacking judgment.	Very close to the batsman, facing the bowler; closer than short.	Weak, frail; flimsy (use concerning people and animals is now obsolete).
silly	adv	Sillily: in a silly manner.
silly	noun	A mistake.	A silly person.	A term of address.
nerve	noun	A bundle of neurons with their connective tissue sheaths, blood vessels and lymphatics.	A neuron.	A vein in a leaf; a grain in wood.	Courage; boldness; audacity; gall.	Mental agitation caused by fear, stress or other negative emotions.	One's neural structures considered collectively as, and conceptually equated with, one's psyche.	Patience; stamina; endurance, fortitude.	Sinew, tendon.	The elastic resistance of raw rubber or other polymers to permanent deformation during processing.
nerve	verb	To be nervous.	To get on (someone’s) nerves; to annoy, irritate, or bother (someone).	To give courage.	To give strength; to supply energy or vigour.	To perform a neurectomy on (someone or something).
weigh	verb	Often with "out", to measure a certain amount of something by its weight, e.g. for sale.	To be considered as important; to have weight in the intellectual balance.	To bear up; to raise; to lift into the air; to swing up.	To consider a subject.	To consider as worthy of notice; to regard.	To determine the intrinsic value or merit of an object, to evaluate.	To determine the weight of an object.	To have a certain weight.	To have weight; to be heavy; to press down.	To judge; to estimate.	To raise an anchor free of the seabed.	To weigh anchor.
weigh	noun	The act of weighing, of measuring the weight
complaint	noun	A bodily disorder or disease; the symptom of such a disorder.	A grievance, problem, difficulty, or concern.	In a civil action, the first pleading of the plaintiff setting out the facts on which the claim is based.	In criminal law, the preliminary charge or accusation made by one person against another to the appropriate court or officer, usually a magistrate.	The act of complaining.
arrange	verb	To plan; to prepare in advance.	To prepare and adapt an already-written composition for presentation in other than its original form.	To set up; to organize; to put into an orderly sequence or arrangement.
arrange	noun	rearranged rendition of a song; arrangement
shave	verb	To be hard and severe in a bargain with; to practice extortion on; to cheat.	To buy (a note) at a discount greater than the legal rate of interest, or to deduct in discounting it more than the legal rate allows.	To cut anything in this fashion.	To cut finely, as with slices of meat.	To injure by employing a knife.	To make (the head, skin etc.) bald or (the hair) shorter by using a tool such as a razor or electric clippers to cut the hair close to the skin.	To reduce in size, weight, time taken etc., usually by a small amount.	To remove hair from one's face by this means.	To skim along or near the surface of; to pass close to, or touch lightly, in passing.
shave	noun	A hand tool, mainly for woodworking, consisting of a sharp blade with a handle at each end.	A narrow miss or escape; a close shave.	A premium paid for an extension of the time of delivery or payment, or for the right to vary a stock contract in any particular.	A thin slice; a shaving.	An exorbitant discount on a note.	An instance of shaving.
locate	verb	To designate the site or place of; to define the limits of (Note: the designation may be purely descriptive: it need not be prescriptive.)	To find out where something is located.	To place oneself; to take up one's residence; to settle.	To place; to set in a particular spot or position.
twin	noun	A friendly term of address, typically for men.	A room in a hotel, guesthouse, etc. with two beds; a twin room.	A twin crystal.	A twin size mattress; or a bed designed for such a mattress.	A two-engine aircraft.	Either of two people (or, less commonly, animals) who shared the same uterus at the same time; one who was born at the same birth as a sibling.	Either of two similar or closely related objects, entities etc.
twin	verb	To be, or be like, a pair of twins (for example, to dress identically); to be paired or suited.	To be, or be like, a twin to (someone else); to match in some way.	To give birth to twins.	To join, unite; to form links between (now especially of two places in different countries); to pair with.	To separate, divide.	To split, part; to go away, depart.
twin	adj	Double; dual; occurring as a matching pair.	Forming a pair of twins.
illegal	adj	Being an illegal immigrant; residing in a country illegally.	Being or doing something illegally.	Contrary to, forbidden, or not authorized by law, especially criminal law.	Forbidden by established rules.	Totally fictitious, and often issued on behalf of a non-existent territory or country.
illegal	noun	A spy operating abroad illegally and under non-official cover, without visible ties to his or her country’s authorities.	An illegal act or technique.	An illegal immigrant.	Contraband, esp. illegal substances such as drugs.
crush	noun	A crowd control barrier.	A crowd that produces uncomfortable pressure.	A drink made by squeezing the juice out of fruit.	A group or gang.	A paraphilia involving arousal from seeing things destroyed by crushing.	A party or festive function.	A standing stock or cage with movable sides used to restrain livestock for safe handling.	A violent collision or compression; a crash; destruction; ruin.	A violent crowding.	An infatuation with somebody one is not dating.	The human object of such infatuation or affection.	The process of crushing cane to remove the raw sugar, or the season when this process takes place.	The situation where certain colors are so similar as to be hard to distinguish, either as a deliberate effect or as a limitation of a display.	Violent pressure, as of a moving crowd.
crush	verb	To be or become broken down or in, or pressed into a smaller volume or area, by external weight or force.	To do impressively well at (sports events; performances; interviews; etc.).	To feel infatuation or unrequited love.	To give a compressed or foreshortened appearance to.	To make certain colors so similar as to be hard to distinguish, either as a deliberate effect or as a limitation of a display.	To oppress or grievously burden.	To overcome completely; to subdue totally.	To overwhelm by pressure or weight.	To press between two hard objects; to squeeze so as to alter the natural shape or integrity, or to force together into a mass.	To reduce to fine particles by pounding or grinding.
shit	noun	(in negations) Anything.	(the shit) The best of its kind.	A nasty, despicable person, used particularly of men.	A problem or difficult situation.	A strong rebuke.	Any recreational drug (e.g. cannabis, heroin, etc.).	Anything exceptional or remarkable.	Genitalia, especially male.	Nonsense; bullshit.	Rubbish; worthless matter.	Stuff, things.	The act of shitting.	The smallest amount of concern or consideration.	Usually solid excretory product evacuated from the bowels; feces.
shit	adj	Nasty; despicable.	Of poor quality; worthless.
shit	verb	To annoy.	To defecate on; to soil through defecating.	To defecate.	To excrete (something) through the anus.	To fool or try to fool someone; to be deceitful.
shit	intj	Expression of worry, failure, shock, etc., often at something seen for the first time or remembered immediately before using this term.	Used for mere emphasis; heck, hey.	Used to show displeasure or surprise.
role	noun	A character or part played by a performer or actor.	An ancient unit of quantity, 72 sheets of parchment.	Designation that denotes an associated set of responsibilities, knowledge, skills, or privileges	In the Raku programming language, a code element akin to an interface, used for composition of classes without adding to their inheritance chain.	The expected behaviour of an individual in a society.	The function of a word in a phrase.	The function or position of something.
nail	noun	A round pedestal on which merchants once carried out their business, such as the four nails outside The Exchange, Bristol.	A spike-shaped metal fastener used for joining wood or similar materials. The nail is generally driven through two or more layers of material by means of impacts from a hammer or other device. It is then held in place by friction.	An archaic English unit of length equivalent to ¹⁄₂₀ of an ell or ¹⁄₁₆ of a yard (2+¹⁄₄ inches or 5.715 cm).	The basal thickened portion of the anterior wings of certain hemiptera.	The claw of a bird or other animal.	The terminal horny plate on the beak of ducks, and other allied birds.	The thin, horny plate at the ends of fingers and toes on humans and some other animals.
nail	verb	Of a male, to engage in sexual intercourse with.	To accomplish (a task) completely and successfully.	To catch.	To drive a nail.	To expose as a sham.	To fix (an object) to another object using a nail.	To hit (a target) effectively with some weapon.	To nail down: to make certain, or confirm.	To spike, as a cannon.	To steal.	To stud or boss with nails, or as if with nails.
reputation	noun	What somebody or something is known for.
shock	noun	A chemical added to a swimming pool to moderate the chlorine levels.	A discontinuity arising in the solution of a partial differential equation.	A lot consisting of sixty pieces; a term applied in some Baltic ports to loose goods.	A shock absorber (typically in the suspension of a vehicle).	A shock wave.	A small dog with long shaggy hair, especially a poodle or spitz; a shaggy lapdog.	A state of distress following a mental or emotional disturbance, often caused by news or other stimuli.	A sudden or violent mental or emotional disturbance.	A sudden, heavy impact.	A tuft or bunch of something, such as hair or grass.	An arrangement of sheaves for drying; a stook.	Circulatory shock, a medical emergency characterized by the inability of the circulatory system to supply enough oxygen to meet tissue requirements.	Electric shock, a sudden burst of electrical energy hitting a person or animal.	Something so surprising that it is stunning.
shock	adj	Causing intense surprise, horror, etc.; unexpected and shocking.
shock	verb	To add a chemical to (a swimming pool) to moderate the chlorine levels.	To cause to be emotionally shocked; to cause (someone) to feel surprised and upset.	To collect, or make up, into a shock or shocks; to stook.	To deform the crystal structure of a stone by the application of extremely high pressure at moderate temperature, as produced only by hypervelocity impact events, lightning strikes, and nuclear explosions.	To give an electric shock to.	To meet with a shock; to collide in a violent encounter.	To subject to a shock wave or violent impact.
elevator	noun	A control surface of an aircraft responsible for controlling the pitching motion of the machine.	A dental instrument used to pry up ("elevate") teeth in difficult extractions, or depressed portions of bone.	A permanent construction with a built-in platform or cab that can be raised and lowered, used to transport people and goods, as between different floors of a building.	A silo used for storing wheat, corn or other grain (grain elevator).	A type of shoe having an insert lift to make the wearer appear taller.	Any muscle that serves to raise a part of the body, such as the leg or the eye.	Anything that raises or uplifts.
elevator	verb	To move in an elevator.
pet	noun	A fit of petulance, a sulk, arising from the impression that one has been offended or slighted.	A term of endearment usually applied to women and children.	Abbreviation of petition.	An animal kept as a companion.	Any person or animal especially cherished and indulged; a darling.	One who is excessively loyal to a superior and receives preferential treatment.	Something kept as a companion, including inanimate objects (pet rock, pet plant, etc.).
pet	verb	To be a pet.	To be peevish; to sulk.	To be petulant or upset; to have a problem with.	To stroke or fondle (an animal).	To stroke or fondle (another person) amorously.	To treat as a pet; to fondle; to indulge.
pet	adj	Favourite; cherished; the focus of one's (usually positive) attention.	Good; ideal.	Kept or treated as a pet.
diary	noun	A daily log of experiences, especially those of the writer.	A personal organizer or appointment diary.
diary	verb	To keep a diary or journal.
diary	adj	Lasting for one day.
ease	noun	A convenience; a luxury.	A relief; an easement.	Additional space provided to allow greater movement.	Comfort, a state or quality lacking unpleasantness	Followed by of or from: release from or reduction of pain, hardship, or annoyance.	Freedom from effort; leisure, rest.	Freedom from embarrassment or awkwardness; grace.	Freedom from financial effort or worry; affluence.	Freedom from pain, hardship, and annoyance, sometimes (derogatory, archaic) idleness, sloth.	Freedom from worry and concern; peace; sometimes (derogatory, archaic) indifference.	Lack of difficulty; the ability to do something easily.	Release from constraint, obligation, or a constrained position.	Release from intestinal discomfort: defecation.	Relief, an end to discomfort
ease	verb	To alleviate, assuage or lessen (pain).	To free (something) from pain, worry, agitation, etc.	To give respite to (someone).	To lessen in intensity.	To loosen or slacken the tension on a line.	To move (something) slowly and carefully.	To proceed with little effort.	To reduce the difficulty of (something).	To take something from (a person), especially by robbery.
otherwise	adv	Differently, in another way.	In all other respects.	In different circumstances; or else.
otherwise	adj	Other than supposed; different.
todays	noun	plural of today
6	noun	MI6; the agency or a particular agent.
opposite	adj	Extremely different; inconsistent; contrary; repugnant; antagonistic.	Facing in the other direction.	Located directly across from something else, or from each other.	Of either of two complementary or mutually exclusive things.	Of leaves and flowers, positioned directly across from each other on a stem.
opposite	noun	A person or thing that is entirely different from or the reverse of someone or something else; used to show contrast between two people or two things.	An additive inverse.	An antonym.	An opponent.	Something opposite or contrary to something else.
opposite	adv	In an opposite position.	On another channel at the same time.
opposite	prep	Facing, or across from.	In a complementary role to.	On another channel at the same time.
occasion	noun	A favorable opportunity; a convenient or timely chance.	A need; requirement, necessity.	A particular happening; an instance or time when something occurred.	A reason or excuse; a motive; a persuasion.	A special event or function.	An occurrence or incident.	An occurrence or state of affairs which causes some event or reaction; a motive or reason.	Something which causes something else; a cause.	The time when something happens.
occasion	verb	To cause; to produce; to induce
pale	adj	Feeble, faint.	Having a pallor (a light color, especially due to sickness, shock, fright etc.).	Light in color.
pale	verb	To become insignificant.	To enclose with pales, or as if with pales; to encircle or encompass; to fence off.	To make pale; to diminish the brightness of.	To turn pale; to lose colour.
pale	noun	A cheese scoop.	A fence made from wooden stake; palisade.	A portion of Russia in which Jews were permitted to live (the Pale of Settlement).	A territory or defensive area within a specific boundary or under a given jurisdiction.	A vertical band down the middle of a shield.	A wooden stake; a picket.	Limits, bounds (especially before of).	Paleness; pallor.	The jurisdiction (territorial or otherwise) of an authority.	The parts of Ireland under English jurisdiction.	The territory around Calais under English control (from the 14th to 16th centuries).
naked	adj	Bare, not covered by clothing.	Barren, having no foliage, unvegetated.	Blank, clean, empty.	Characterized by the nakedness of the people concerned or to whom the described noun is attributed.	Glib, without decoration, put bluntly.	Lacking (something) or devoid (of something) [with of].	Lacking resources or means, poor.	Lacking some clothing; clothed only in underwear.	Not hidden within an event horizon and thus observable from other parts of spacetime.	Unaided, unaccompanied.	Unarmed.	Uncomfortable or vulnerable, as if missing something important.	Unprotected, uncovered.	Where the writer (seller) does not own the underlying asset to cover the contract.	Without a condom.	Without any additives, or without some component that would usually be included.
naked	verb	simple past and past participle of nake
crop	noun	A group of vesicles at the same stage of development in a disease.	A group, cluster, or collection of things occurring at the same time.	A photograph or other image that has been reduced by removing the outer parts.	A plant, grown for it, or its fruits or seeds, to be harvested as food, livestock fodder, or fuel or for any other economic purpose.	A pouch-like part of the alimentary tract of some birds (and some other animals), used to store food before digestion or for regurgitation.	A rocky outcrop.	A short haircut.	An entire oxhide.	An entire short whip, especially as used in horse-riding.	An outcrop of a vein or seam at the surface.	Marijuana.	The act of cropping.	The foliate part of a finial.	The head of a flower, especially when picked; an ear of corn; the top branches of a tree.	The lashing end of a whip.	The production amount of such an output for a specific season or year, particularly of plants.	Tin ore prepared for smelting.
crop	verb	To beat with a crop, or riding-whip.	To cause to bear a crop.	To cut (especially hair or an animal's tail or ears) short.	To mow, reap or gather.	To remove the outer parts of a photograph or other image, typically in order to frame the subject better.	To remove the top end of something, especially a plant.	To yield harvest.
vain	adj	Effecting no purpose; pointless, futile.	Having no real substance, value, or importance; empty; void; worthless; unsatisfying.	Overly proud of oneself, especially concerning appearance; having a high opinion of one's own accomplishments with slight reason.	Showy; ostentatious.
vain	verb	To frustrate.
announce	verb	To act as announcer for (an event, usually sports).	To act or work as an announcer.	To give public notice of, especially for the first time; to make known.	To pronounce; to declare by judicial sentence.
stress	noun	A physical, chemical, infective agent aggressing an organism.	A suprasegmental feature of a language having additional attention raised to a sound, word or word group by means of of loudness, duration or pitch; phonological prominence.	Aggression toward an organism resulting in a response in an attempt to restore previous conditions.	Emotional pressure suffered by a human being or other animal.	Emphasis placed on a particular point in an argument or discussion (whether spoken or written).	Force externally applied to a body which cause internal stress within the body.	Obsolete form of distress.	The internal distribution of force across a small boundary per unit area of that boundary (pressure) within a body. It causes strain or deformation and is typically symbolised by σ or τ.	The suprasegmental feature of a language having additional attention raised to a sound by means of loudness and/or duration; phonological prominence phonetically achieved by means of dynamics as distinct from pitch.	distress; the act of distraining; also, the thing distrained.
stress	verb	To apply emotional pressure to (a person or animal).	To apply force to (a body or structure) causing strain.	To emphasise (a point) in an argument or discussion.	To emphasise (a syllable of a word).	To emphasise (words in speaking).	To suffer stress; to worry or be agitated.
toilet	noun	A chamber pot.	A covering of linen, silk, or tapestry, spread over a dressing table in a chamber or dressing room.	A dressing room.	A fixture used for urination and defecation, particularly one with a large bowl and ring-shaped seat which uses water to flush the waste material into a septic tank or sewer system.	A room, enclosed area or single-purpose building containing a fixture or fixtures used for urination and defecation; a bathroom or water closet.	A small secondary lavatory having a fixture used for urination and defecation and sink but no bathtub or shower.	A very shabby or dirty place.	A woman.	One's style of dressing: dress, outfit.	Personal grooming; the process of washing, dressing and arranging the hair.	The table covered by such a cloth; a dressing table.
toilet	verb	To assist another (a child, etc.) in using a toilet.	To dress and groom oneself.	To use (urinate or defecate in) a toilet.
trap	noun	A (usually fictional) location or feature originally added to a map to detect plagiarism and copyright violations by other map makers or map services.	A bend, sag, or other device in a waste-pipe arranged so that the liquid contents form a seal which prevents the escape of noxious gases, but permits the flow of liquids.	A covering over a hole or opening; a trapdoor.	A cubicle (in a public toilet).	A dark coloured igneous rock, now used to designate any non-granitic igneous rock; trap rock.	A fictional character from anime, or related media, who is coded as or has qualities typically associated with a gender other than the character's ostensible gender; otokonoko, josou.	A genre of hip-hop music, with half-time drums and heavy sub-bass.	A geological structure that creates a petroleum reservoir.	A kind of movable stepladder or set of stairs.	A light two-wheeled carriage with springs.	A machine or other device designed to catch (and sometimes kill) animals, either by holding them in a container, or by catching hold of part of the body.	A mining license inspector during the Australian gold rush.	A person's mouth.	A place in a water pipe, pump, etc., where air accumulates for lack of an outlet.	A policeman.	A successful landing on an aircraft carrier using the carrier's arresting gear.	A trick or arrangement designed to catch someone in a more general sense; a snare.	A vehicle, residential building, or sidewalk corner where drugs are manufactured, packaged, or sold.	A wooden instrument shaped somewhat like a shoe, used in the game of trapball.	An area, especially of a city, with a low level of opportunity and a high level of poverty and crime; a ghetto; a hood.	An exception generated by the processor or by an external event.	Any device used to hold and suddenly release an object.	Belongings.	Someone with male-typical anatomy who passes as female.	Synonym of vagina.	The game of trapball itself.	The money earned by a prostitute for a pimp.	The trapezius muscle.	Trapshooting.
trap	verb	Of a 'trap': to trick a (heterosexual) man into having sex, by appearing to be a woman.	To attend to and open and close a (trap-)door.	To capture (e.g. an error) in order to handle or process it.	To dress with ornaments; to adorn (especially said of horses).	To ensnare; to take by stratagem; to entrap.	To leave suddenly, to flee.	To physically capture, to catch in a trap or traps, or something like a trap.	To provide with a trap.	To sell illegal drugs, especially in a public area.	To set traps for game; to make a business of trapping game; to travel for the purpose of trapping.	To successfully land an aircraft on an aircraft carrier using the carrier's arresting gear.
rare	adj	Early.	Good; enjoyable.	Particularly of meat, especially beefsteak: cooked very lightly, so the meat is still red.	Thin; of low density.	Very uncommon; scarce.
rare	noun	A scarce or uncommon item.
rare	verb	To rear, bring up, raise.	To rear, rise up, start backwards.
candy	noun	A piece of confectionery of this kind.	A unit of weight used in southern India, equal to twenty maunds, roughly equal to 500 pounds avoirdupois but varying locally.	An accessory (bracelet, etc.) made from pony beads, associated with the rave scene.	Edible, sweet-tasting confectionery containing sugar, or sometimes artificial sweeteners, and often flavored with fruit, chocolate, nuts, herbs and spices, or artificial flavors.	crack cocaine.
candy	verb	To be formed into candy; to solidify in a candylike form or mass.	To cook in, or coat with, sugar syrup.	To have sugar crystals form in or on.
operation	noun	A business or organization.	A function which maps zero or more (but typically two) operands to a single output value.	A military campaign (e.g. Operation Desert Storm).	A planned undertaking.	A procedure for generating a value from one or more other values (the operands).	A surgical procedure.	Effect produced; influence.	The act or process of operating (verb): agency; the exertion of power, physical, mechanical, or moral.	The method by which a device performs its function.	The method or practice by which actions are done.
dislike	noun	An attitude or a feeling of distaste or aversion.	An individual vote showing disapproval of, or lack of support for, something posted on the Internet.	Something that a person dislikes (has or feels aversion to).
dislike	verb	To displease; to offend. In third-person only.	To have a feeling of aversion or antipathy towards; not to like.	To leave a vote to show disapproval of, or lack of support for, something posted on the Internet.
switch	noun	A Glock pistol equipped with a Glock switch.	A change or exchange.	A command line notation allowing specification of optional behavior.	A device to turn electric current on and off or direct its flow.	A mechanism within DNA that activates or deactivates a gene.	A movable section of railroad track which allows the train to be directed down one of two destination tracks; (set of) points.	A networking device connecting multiple wires, allowing them to communicate simultaneously, when possible. Compare to the less efficient hub device that solely duplicates network packets to each wire.	A play in which the ball (or equivalent) is moved from one side of the playing area to the other.	A programming construct that takes different actions depending on the value of an expression.	A separate mass or tress of hair, or of some substance (such as jute) made to resemble hair, formerly worn on the head by women.	A slender woody plant stem used as a whip; a thin, flexible rod, associated with corporal punishment in the United States.	A system of specialized relays, computer hardware, or other equipment which allows the interconnection of a calling party's telephone line with any called party's line.	A variant of crazy eights where one card, such as an ace, reverses the direction of play.	One who is willing to take either a submissive or a dominant role in a sexual relationship.	Synonym of Glock switch.	Synonym of rute.
switch	verb	To be swung or whisked.	To change (something) to the specified state using a switch.	To change places, tasks, etc.	To exchange.	To get angry suddenly; to quickly or unreasonably become enraged.	To move (the ball or equivalent) from one side of the playing area to the other.	To shift to another circuit.	To swing or whisk.	To take on the opposite role (leader vs. follower) in a partner dance.	To trim.	To turn from one railway track to another; to transfer by a switch; generally with off, from, etc.	To whip or hit with a switch.
switch	adj	Pertaining to riding with the front and back feet swapped round compared to one's normal position.	Pertaining to skiing backwards.
missing	verb	present participle and gerund of miss
missing	adj	Not able to be located; gone, misplaced.	Not present when it (they) should be.	Of an internal combustion engine: running roughly due to an occasional lack of a spark or other irregular fault.
missing	noun	A value that is missing.
insurance	noun	A bet made after the deal, which pays off if the dealer has blackjack.	A means of indemnity against a future occurrence of an uncertain event.	An insurance policy.	Any attempt to forestall an unfavorable event.	The business of providing insurance.
score	noun	A bribe paid to a police officer.	A criminal act, especially:	A distance of twenty yards, in ancient archery and gunnery.	A document which systematically lists differences among compiled manuscripts of a source text.	A great deal; many, several.	A notch or incision; especially, one that is made as a tally mark; hence, a mark, or line, made for the purpose of account.	A period of twenty years.	A prostitute's client.	A robbery.	A sexual conquest.	A subject.	A weight of twenty pounds.	An account or reckoning; account of dues; bill; debt.	An account; a reason; a motive; a sake; a behalf.	An amount of money won in gambling; winnings.	An illegal sale, especially of drugs.	In the Lowestoft area, a narrow pathway running down a cliff to the beach.	The music of a movie or play.	The number of points accrued by each of the participants in a game, expressed as a ratio or a series of numbers.	The performance of an individual or group on an examination or test, expressed by a number, letter, or other symbol; a grade.	The total number of goals, points, runs, etc. earned by a participant in a game.	The written form of a musical composition showing all instrumental and vocal parts.	Twenty (20).	Twenty pounds sterling.
score	verb	To achieve academic credit on a test, quiz, homework, assignment, or course.	To acquire or gain.	To cut a notch or a groove in a surface.	To earn points in a game.	To extract a bribe.	To obtain a sexual favor.	To obtain something desired.	To provide (a film, etc.) with a musical score.	To rate; to evaluate the quality of.	To record the tally of points for a game, a match, or an examination.	To return (a horse and rider) to the starting-point repeatedly, until a fair start is achieved.	To win money by gambling.
score	intj	An acknowledgement of success.
spite	noun	Ill will or hatred toward another, accompanied with the desire to unjustifiably irritate, annoy, or thwart; a want to disturb or put out another; mild malice	Vexation; chagrin; mortification.
spite	verb	To be angry at; to hate.	To fill with spite; to offend; to vex.	To treat maliciously; to try to hurt or thwart.
spite	prep	Notwithstanding; despite.
Tony	name	A female given name.	A male given name, a short form of Anthony/Antony	A surname transferred from the given name
Tony	noun	Any of the statuettes awarded by the American Theatre Wing.
Mrs	noun	Abbreviation of Missus or Mistress; used before an adult woman's name or surname, used for any high-status woman without regard to marital status until the 1800s, after which it began to be reserved for married, divorced and widowed women and used with their married surnames.
shed	verb	To allow to flow or fall.	To divide, as the warp threads, so as to form a shed, or passageway, for the shuttle.	To fall in drops; to pour.	To part with, separate from, leave off; cast off, cast, let fall, be divested of.	To part, separate or divide.	To place or allocate a vehicle, such as a locomotive, in or to a depot or shed.	To pour forth, give off, impart.	To pour; to make flow.	To radiate, cast, give off (light).	To sprinkle; to intersperse; to cover.	To woodshed.
shed	noun	A British Rail Class 66 locomotive.	A distinction or dividing-line.	A large temporary open structure for reception of goods.	A parting in the hair.	A slight or temporary structure built to shade or shelter something; a structure usually open in front; an outbuilding, especially a smallish one; a hut.	A unit of area equivalent to 10⁻⁵² square meters.	Alternative form of woodshed.	An area between upper and lower warp yarns through which the weft is woven.	An area of land as distinguished from those around it.	An automobile which is old, worn-out, slow, or otherwise of poor quality.	The top of the head.
pants	noun	An outer garment that covers the body from the waist downwards, covering each leg separately, usually as far as the ankles; trousers.	An undergarment that covers the genitals and often the buttocks and the neighbouring parts of the body; underpants.	Rubbish; something worthless.	plural of pant
pants	adj	Of inferior quality, rubbish.
pants	verb	To pull someone’s pants down; to forcibly remove someone’s pants.	third-person singular simple present indicative of pant
complicated	adj	Difficult or convoluted.	Folded longitudinally (as in the wings of certain insects).
complicated	verb	simple past and past participle of complicate
pride	noun	A company of lions or other large felines.	A sense of one's own worth; reasonable self-esteem and satisfaction (in oneself, in one's work, one's family, etc).	Alternative letter-case form of Pride (“festival for LGBT people”).	An unreasonable overestimation of one's own superiority in terms of talents, or looks, wealth, importance, etc., which comes across as being haughty, lofty, and often showing contempt of others; exaggerated self-worth.	Consciousness of power; fullness of animal spirits; mettle; wantonness.	Highest pitch; elevation reached; loftiness; prime; glory.	Lust; sexual desire; especially, excitement of sexual appetite in a female animal.	Proud or disdainful behavior or treatment that reflects such an attitude (of haughtiness); arrogance.	Show; ostentation; glory.	That of which one is proud; that which excites self-congratulation and self-esteem (whether reasonable or arrogant), for example beauty, ornament, noble character, children, etc.	The quality or state of being proud.	The small European lamprey species Petromyzon branchialis.
pride	verb	To take or experience pride in something; to be proud of it.
statement	noun	A declaration or remark.	A document that summarizes financial activity.	A presentation of opinion or position.	An instruction in a computer program, especially one that returns no value, as opposed to a function call.
statement	adj	Decisive.
statement	verb	To provide an official document of a proposition, especially in the UK, a Statement of Special Educational Needs.
surround	verb	To encircle something or simultaneously extend in all directions.	To enclose or confine something on all sides so as to prevent escape.	To pass around; to travel about; to circumnavigate.
surround	noun	Anything, such as a fence or border, that surrounds something.
permit	verb	To allow (someone) to do something; to give permission to.	To allow (something) to happen, to give permission for.	To allow for, to make something possible.	To allow, to admit (of).	To attempt to obtain or succeed in obtaining formal authorization for (something).	To grant formal authorization for (something).	To hand over, resign (something to someone).
permit	noun	A learner's permit.	A pompano of the species Trachinotus falcatus.	An artifact or document rendering something allowed or legal.	Formal permission.
reservation	noun	A limiting qualification regarding certainty or risk; a doubt or concern.	A power of an overseeing authority to suspend legislation in the jurisdiction being overseen pending the approval of a higher authority. Such as a provincial/state governor reserving a bill passed by the state/provincial legislature from assent, pending approval of the federal government; or a federal bill passed by federal parliament being reserved by the viceroy pending approval by the crown.	A tract of land set apart by the US government for the use of a Native American people, such as the Hopi Reservation or the Navajo Nation's territory.	An arrangement by which accommodation or transport arrangements are secured in advance.	Something that is withheld or kept back.	The act of reserving, withholding or keeping back.	The act of the pope to reserve to himself the right to nominate to certain benefices.	The area which separates opposing lanes of traffic on a divided motorway or dual carriageway.	The practice of reserving part of the consecrated bread of the Eucharist for the communion of the sick.	The setting aside of a certain percentage of vacancies in government institutions for members of backward and underrepresented communities (defined primarily by caste and tribe).
glove	noun	A baseball mitt.	A challenge from one to another.	A condom.	An item of clothing, covering all or part of the hand and fingers, but usually allowing independent movement of the fingers.	The ability to catch a hit ball.
glove	verb	To catch the ball in a baseball mitt.	To put a glove or gloves on.	To touch (a delivery) with one's glove while the gloved hand is on the bat. Under the rules of cricket, the batsman is deemed to have hit the ball.
towel	noun	A cloth used for wiping, especially one used for drying anything wet, such as a person after a bath.
towel	verb	To beat with a stick, or "oaken towel".	To block up (a door, etc.) with a towel, to conceal the fumes of a recreational drug.	To dry by using a towel.	To hit with a towel.
square	noun	A body of troops drawn up in a square formation.	A cell in a grid.	A certain number of lines, forming a portion of a column, nearly square; used chiefly in reckoning the prices of advertisements in newspapers.	A dessert cut into rectangular pieces, or a piece of such a dessert.	A mortarboard.	A pattern to be matched that consists of a subpattern repeated, such as "papa" or "wikiwiki".	A polygon with four straight sides of equal length and four right angles; an equilateral rectangle; a regular quadrilateral.	A socially conventional or conservative person; a person who has little or no interest in the latest fads or trends.	A square piece, part, or surface.	A street surrounding a public square or plaza.	A true measure, standard, or pattern.	A unit of measurement of area, equal to a 10 foot by 10 foot square, i.e. 100 square feet or roughly 9.3 square metres. Used in real estate for the size of a house or its rooms, though progressively being replaced by square metres in metric countries such as Australia.	A unit used in measuring roof area equivalent to 100 square feet (9.29 m²) of roof area. The materials for roofing jobs are often billed by the square in the United States.	A vat used for fermentation.	A well-defined torso.	An L- or T-shaped tool used to place objects or draw lines at right angles.	An open space or park, often in the center of a town, not necessarily square in shape, often containing trees, seating and other features pleasing to the eye.	Cigarette.	Ellipsis of square meal.	Exact proportion; justness of workmanship and conduct; regularity; rule.	Something characterized by a square, or nearly square, form.	The act of squaring, or quarrelling; a quarrel.	The central area of a cricket field, with one or more pitches of which only one is used at a time.	The front of a woman's dress over the bosom, usually worked or embroidered.	The position of planets distant ninety degrees from each other; a quadrate.	The product of a number or quantity multiplied by itself; the second power of a number, value, term or expression.	The relation of harmony, or exact agreement; equality; level.	The symbol # on a telephone; hash.
square	adj	Even; tied	Forming a right angle (90°).	Forming right angles in all planes as intended; not racked or leaning.	Forming right angles with the mast or the keel, and parallel to the horizon; said of the yards of a square-rigged vessel when they are so braced.	Having a shape broad for the height, with angular rather than curving outlines.	Honest; straightforward; fair.	In line with the batsman's popping crease.	Of an internal combustion engine design, in which the diameter of the piston is similar, roughly, approximately, equal to its stroke distance.	Satisfied; comfortable with; not experiencing any conflict.	Shaped like a square (the polygon).	Socially conventional; boring.	Solid, decent, substantial.	Used in the names of units of area formed by multiplying a unit of length by itself.
square	adv	Directly.
square	verb	Of a value, term, or expression, to multiply by itself; to raise to the second power.	To accord or agree exactly; to be consistent with; to suit; to fit.	To adjust or adapt so as to bring into harmony with something.	To adjust so as to align with or place at a right angle to something else; in particular	To adjust so as to align with or place at a right angle to something else; in particular:	To compare with, or reduce to, any given measure or standard.	To draw, with a pair of compasses and a straightedge only, a square with the same area as.	To form with four sides and four right angles.	To form with right angles and straight lines, or flat surfaces.	To go to opposite sides; to take an attitude of offense or defense, or of defiance; to quarrel.	To hold a quartile position respecting.	To make a short low pass sideways across the pitch	To place at a right angle to the mast or keel.	To resolve or reconcile; to suit or fit.	To rotate the oars so that they are perpendicular to the water.	To take a boxing attitude; often with up or off.	To take opposing sides; to quarrel.	To tile (completely fill) with squares.
site	noun	A category together with a choice of Grothendieck topology.	A computer installation, particularly one associated with an intranet or internet service or telecommunications.	A part of the body which has been operated on.	A place fitted or chosen for any certain permanent use or occupation	A website.	Region of a protein, a piece of DNA or RNA where chemical reactions take place.	The place where anything is fixed; situation; local position	The posture or position of a thing.
site	verb	To situate or place a building or construction project.
technology	noun	A discourse or treatise on the arts.	Any useful skill or mechanism that humans have developed or invented (including in prescientific eras).	Any useful trait that has evolved in any organism.	Machines or equipment thus designed.	The combined application of science and art in practical ways in industry, as for example in designing new machines.	The study of or a collection of techniques.
false	adj	Based on factually incorrect premises.	Not essential or permanent, as parts of a structure which are temporary or supplemental.	Not faithful or loyal, as to obligations, allegiance, vows, etc.; untrue; treacherous.	Not well founded; not firm or trustworthy; erroneous.	Of a state in Boolean logic that indicates a negative result.	Out of tune.	Spurious, artificial.	Untrue, not factual, factually incorrect.	Used in the vernacular name of a species (or group of species) together with the name of another species to which it is similar in appearance.	Uttering falsehood; dishonest or deceitful.
false	verb	To counterfeit, to forge.	To incorrectly decode noise as if it were a valid signal.	To make false, to corrupt from something true or real.	To violate, to betray (a promise, an agreement, one’s faith, etc.).
false	adv	In a dishonest and disloyal way; falsely.
false	noun	One of two options on a true-or-false test, that not representing true.
profit	noun	Benefit, positive result obtained.	Ellipsis of profit à prendre.	Total income or cash flow minus expenditures. The money or other benefit a non-governmental organization or individual receives in exchange for products and services sold at an advertised price.
profit	verb	To benefit (somebody), be of use to (somebody).	To benefit, gain.	To take advantage of, exploit, use.
extra	adj	Beyond what is due, usual, expected, or necessary; extraneous; additional; supernumerary.	Extraordinarily good; superior.	Over the top; going beyond what is normal or appropriate, often in a dramatic manner.
extra	adv	To an extraordinary degree.
extra	noun	A day of extra duties (often, over the weekends) in camp, as a form of punishment. Used in the phrase “to sign extra”, meaning one has been assigned extras as punishment.	A run scored without the ball having hit the striker's bat - a wide, bye, leg bye or no ball.	A supernumerary or walk-on in a film or play.	An extra edition of a newspaper, which is printed outside of the normal printing cycle, for example to report an important late-breaking event.	Something additional, such as an item above and beyond the ordinary school curriculum, or added to the usual charge on a bill.	Something of an extra quality or grade.	The state or trait of being over the top, of behaving in an overly dramatic manner.
application	noun	A computer program or the set of software that the end user perceives as a single entity as a tool for a well-defined purpose. (Also called: application program; application software.)	A kind of needlework; appliqué.	A petition, entreaty, or other request, with the adposition for denoting the subject matter.	A verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school, course or similar.	Compliance.	Diligence; close thought or attention.	The act of applying as a means; the employment of means to accomplish an end; specific use.	The act of applying or laying on, in a literal sense	The act of directing or referring something to a particular case, to discover or illustrate agreement or disagreement, fitness, or correspondence.	The act of requesting, claiming, or petitioning something.	The substance applied.	The substitution of a specific value for the parameter in the abstraction, in lambda calculus.
manners	noun	Etiquette.	Good manners.	plural of manner
economic	adj	Frugal; cheap (in the sense of representing good value); economical.	Pertaining to an economy.	Pertaining to the management of a household	Pertaining to the study of money and its movement.
Day	name	A Mbum-Day language of Chad.	A census-designated place and unincorporated community in Lafayette County, Florida.	A number of places in the United States:	A surname from Irish can be found as both Day and O'Day from Ó Deághaidh (“descendant of a person named Good Luck”).	A surname originating as a patronymic derived from a medieval diminutive of David.	A town in Marathon County, Wisconsin.	A town in Saratoga County, New York.	A township in Montcalm County, Michigan.	An English surname originating as an occupation from day as a word for a "day-servant", an archaic term for a day-laborer, or from given names such as Dagr, Daug, Dege, and Dey, cognate with Scandinavian Dag.	An unincorporated community in Isanti County, Minnesota.	An unincorporated community in Modoc County, California.	An unincorporated community in Taney County, Missouri.
establish	verb	To appoint or adopt, as officers, laws, regulations, guidelines, etc.; to enact; to ordain.	To form; to found; to institute; to set up in business.	To make stable or firm; to confirm.	To prove and cause to be accepted as true; to demonstrate.
India	name	A country in South Asia. Official name: Republic of India. Capital: New Delhi.	A female given name.	A region of South Asia, traditionally delimited by the Himalayas and the Indus river; the Indian subcontinent.	A territory of the British Empire, chiefly comprising the modern day countries of India, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Nepal and Burma.
concentrate	verb	To approach or meet in a common center; to consolidate.	To bring to, or direct toward, a common center; to unite more closely; to gather into one body, mass, or force.	To focus one's thought or attention (on).	To increase the strength and diminish the bulk of, as of a liquid or an ore; to intensify, by getting rid of useless material; to condense.
concentrate	adj	concentrated
concentrate	noun	A substance that is in a condensed form.
fully	adv	Exactly, equally.	In a full manner; without lack or defect; completely, entirely.	So as to be full (not hungry); to satiation.	Used as a general intensifier; actually, really, literally.	Used as an intensifier for a quantity.
fully	verb	To commit or send someone to trial.
Fuji	name	A city in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan.	A harbor in Shimen district, New Taipei City, Taiwan.	A surname from Japanese.	Ellipsis of Mount Fuji.
rob	verb	To burgle.	To commit robbery.	To deprive (of).	To deprive of, or withhold from, unjustly or injuriously; to defraud.	To steal from, especially using force or violence.	To steal.	To take possession of the ball, puck etc. from.
rob	noun	A syrup made of evaporating fruit juice over a fire, usually mixed with sugar or honey, and especially used for medicinal purposes.
pot	noun	A crucible: a melting pot.	A favorite: a heavily-backed horse.	A flat-bottomed vessel (usually metal) used for cooking food.	A glass of beer in Australia whose size varies regionally but is typically around 10 fl oz (285 mL).	A perforated cask for draining sugar.	A plaster cast.	A pot-shaped metal or earthenware extension of a flue above the top of a chimney: a chimney pot.	A pot-shaped non-conducting (usually ceramic) stand that supports an electrified rail while insulating it from the ground.	A pot-shaped trap used for catching lobsters or other seafood: a lobster pot.	A shallow hole used in certain games played with marbles. The marbles placed in it are called potsies.	A simple electromechanical device used to control resistance or voltage (often to adjust sound volume) in an electronic device by rotating or sliding when manipulated by a human thumb, screwdriver, etc.	A vessel (usually earthenware) used with a seal for storing food, such as a honeypot.	A vessel used for brewing or serving drinks: a coffeepot or teapot.	A vessel used for urination and defecation: a chamber pot; (figuratively, slang) a toilet; the lavatory.	A vessel used to hold soil for growing plants, particularly flowers: a flowerpot.	Alternative form of pott: a former size of paper, 12.5 × 15 inches.	An allocation of money for a particular purpose.	An earthen or pewter cup or mug used for drinking liquor.	An iron hat with a broad brim worn as a helmet.	Any of various traditional units of volume notionally based on the capacity of a pot.	Clipping of potbelly (“a pot-shaped belly, a paunch”).	Clipping of potion.	Clipping of potshot (“a haphazard shot; an easy or cheap shot”).	Marijuana.	Pothole, sinkhole, vertical cave.	Ruin or deterioration.	The money available to be won in a hand of poker or a round of other games of chance; (figuratively) any sum of money being used as an enticement.	Various similar open-topped vessels, particularly
pot	verb	To apply a plaster cast to a broken limb.	To be capable of being potted.	To catch (a fish, eel, etc) via a pot.	To cause a ball to fall into a pocket.	To drain (e.g. sugar of the molasses) in a perforated cask.	To fade volume in or out by means of a potentiometer.	To package a circuit by encasing it in resin.	To preserve by bottling or canning.	To put (something) into a pot.	To score (a drop goal).	To seat a person, usually a young child, on a potty or toilet, typically during toilet teaching.	To secure; gain; win; bag.	To send someone to jail, expeditiously.	To shoot with a firearm.	To take a pot shot, or haphazard shot, with a firearm.	To tipple; to drink.
50		
sail	noun	A piece of fabric attached to a boat and arranged such that it causes the wind to drive the boat along. The sail may be attached to the boat via a combination of mast, spars and ropes.	A sailfish.	A sailing vessel; a vessel of any kind; a craft.	A tower-like structure found on the dorsal (topside) surface of submarines.	A trip in a boat, especially a sailboat.	Anything resembling a sail, such as a wing.	The blade of a windmill.	The concept of a sail or sails, as if a substance.	The conning tower of a submarine.	The floating organ of siphonophores, such as the Portuguese man-of-war.	The power harnessed by a sail or sails, or the use of this power for travel or transport.	an outward projection of the spine, occurring in certain dinosaurs and synapsids
sail	verb	To be impelled or driven forward by the action of wind upon sails, as a ship on water; to be impelled on a body of water by steam or other power.	To deal out (cards) from a distance by impelling them across a surface.	To move briskly and gracefully through the air.	To move briskly but sedately.	To move through or on the water; to swim, as a fish or a waterfowl.	To ride in a boat, especially a sailboat.	To set sail; to begin a voyage.
minimum	noun	A lower bound of a set which is also an element of that set.	A period of minimum brightness or energy intensity (of a star).	The lowest limit.	The smallest amount.	The smallest member of a batch or sample or the lower bound of a probability distribution.
minimum	adj	To the lowest degree.
crack	verb	To alternate between high and low register in the process of eventually lowering.	To barely reach or attain (a measurement or extent).	To be ruined or impaired; to fail.	To become debilitated by psychological pressure.	To brag; to boast.	To break apart under force, stress, or pressure.	To break down (a complex molecule), especially with the application of heat: to pyrolyse.	To break down or yield, especially under interrogation or torture.	To break open or crush to small pieces by impact or stress.	To cause to make a sharp sound.	To cause to yield under interrogation or other pressure.	To change rapidly in register.	To circumvent software restrictions such as regional coding or time limits.	To form cracks.	To make a crack or cracks in.	To make a cracking sound.	To make a sharply humorous comment.	To open a canned beverage, or any packaged drink or food.	To open slightly.	To overcome a security system or component.	To realize that one is transgender.	To solve a difficult problem.	To strike forcefully.	To tell (a joke).
crack	noun	A boast; boasting.	A boy, generally a pert, lively boy.	A brief time; an instant; a jiffy.	A crazy or crack-brained person.	A mental flaw; a touch of craziness; partial insanity.	A narrow opening.	A program or procedure designed to circumvent restrictions or usage limits on software.	A sharp, resounding blow.	A sharply humorous comment; a wisecrack.	A thin and usually jagged space opened in a previously solid material.	An attempt at something.	An expanding circle of white water surrounding the site of a large explosion at shallow depth, marking the progress of the shock wave through the air above the water.	Any sharp sound.	Breach of chastity.	Business; events; news.	Conviviality; fun; good conversation, chat, gossip, or humorous storytelling; good company.	Crack cocaine, a potent, relatively cheap, addictive variety of cocaine; often a rock, usually smoked through a crack-pipe.	Dry firewood.	Extremely silly, absurd or off-the-wall ideas or prose.	One who excels; the best, especially a winning racehorse.	Something good-tasting or habit-forming.	The act of hitting on someone.	The sharp sound made when solid material breaks.	The space between the buttocks.	The tone of voice when changed at puberty.	The vagina.	a meaningful chat.
crack	adj	Excellent, first-rate, superior, top-notch.	Highly trained and competent.
pond	noun	An inland body of standing water of any size that is fed by springs rather than by a river.	An inland body of standing water, either natural or man-made, that is smaller than a lake.	Chiefly in across the pond: the Atlantic Ocean.
pond	verb	To block the flow of water so that it can escape only through evaporation or seepage; to dam.	To form a pond; to pool.	To make into a pond; to collect, as water, in a pond by damming.	To ponder.
2	prep	Abbreviation of to.	Abbreviation of to; designating conversion from one format to another.
2	adv	Abbreviation of too.
2	adj	Alternative form of 2S; Abbreviation of two-spirited.
2	noun	Alternative form of 2S; Abbreviation of two-spirit.
nowadays	adv	At the present time; in the current era.
entirely	adv	To the exclusion of others; solely;	To the full or entire extent.
literature	noun	All the papers, treatises, etc. published in academic journals on a particular subject.	Literacy; ability to read and write.	The body of all written works.	The collected creative writing of a nation, people, group, or culture.	Written fiction of a high standard.
soft	adj	Agreeable to the senses.	Attracted to or emotionally involved with someone.	Easily giving way under pressure.	Easy-going, lenient, not strict; permissive.	Effeminate.	Emulated with software; not physically real.	Excessively empathetic or concerned about others’ wellbeing.	Expressing gentleness or tenderness; mild; conciliatory; courteous; kind.	Foolish.	Gentle in action or motion; easy.	Gentle.	Having a slight angle from straight.	Incomplete, or temporary; not a full action.	Lacking strength or resolve; not tough, wimpy.	Low in dissolved calcium compounds.	Made up of nonparallel rays, tending to wrap around a subject and produce diffuse shadows.	Mild, tame, moderate; far from intense or excluding harsh elements.	Not bright or intense.	Not containing alcohol.	Not harsh or offensive to the sight; not glaring or jagged; pleasing to the eye.	Not likely to cause addiction.	Of a ferromagnetic material; a material that becomes essentially non-magnetic when an external magnetic field is removed, a material with a low magnetic coercivity. (compare hard)	Of a market: having more supply than demand; being a buyer's market.	Of coal: bituminous, as opposed to anthracitic.	Of paper: unsized.	Of silk: having the natural gum cleaned or washed off.	Of weather: warm enough to melt ice; thawing.	Palatalized.	Physically or emotionally weak.	Quiet.	Requiring little or no effort; easy.	Smooth and flexible; not rough, rugged, or harsh.	Softcore	Voiced; sonant; lenis.	Voiceless.	Weak in character; impressible.
soft	intj	Be quiet; hold; stop; not so fast.
soft	noun	A piece of software.	A soft drink.	A soft sound or part of a sound.	A soft-headed or foolish person; an idiot.	A tyre whose compound is softer than mediums, and harder than supersofts.	Banknotes.
soft	adv	Softly; without roughness or harshness; gently; quietly.
load	noun	A burden; a weight to be carried.	A certain number of articles or quantity of material that can be transported or processed at one time.	A large number or amount.	A person that spends all day online. The term was originally used in the late 1980s to describe users on free Q-Link (later America Online) accounts who never signed off the system at great expense to the company.	A quantity of washing put into a washing machine for a wash cycle.	A resistive force encountered by a prime mover when performing work.	A unit of measure for various quantities.	A very small explosive inserted as a gag into a cigarette or cigar.	A worry or concern to be endured, especially in the phrase a load off one's mind.	Any component that draws current or power from an electrical circuit.	Ellipsis of viral load.	Nonsense; rubbish.	The charge of powder for a firearm; a loaded cartridge or round of ammunition.	The contents (e.g. semen) of an ejaculation.	The electrical current or power delivered by a device.	The force exerted on a structural component such as a beam, girder, cable etc.	The process of loading something, i.e. transferring it into memory or over a network, etc.	The volume of work required to be performed.	Used to form nouns that indicate a large quantity, often corresponding to the capacity of a vehicle	Weight or violence of blows.	defecation	prepaid phone credit
load	verb	To adulterate or drug.	To ask or adapt a question so that it will be more likely to be answered in a certain way.	To be placed into storage or conveyance.	To be put into use in an apparatus.	To encumber with something negative, to place as an encumbrance.	To fill (a firearm or artillery) with munition.	To fill (an apparatus) with raw material.	To insert (an item or items) into an apparatus so as to ready it for operation, such as a reel of film into a camera, sheets of paper into a printer etc.	To magnetize.	To place in or on a conveyance or a place of storage.	To provide in abundance.	To put a load on or in (a means of conveyance or a place of storage).	To put a load on something.	To put runners on first, second and third bases	To read (data or a program) from a storage medium into computer memory.	To receive a load.	To tamper with so as to produce a biased outcome.	To transfer from a storage medium into computer memory.	To weight (a cane, whip, etc.) with lead or similar.	to top up or purchase phone credits
security	noun	A guarantee.	A tradeable financial asset, such as a share of stock or any of various classes of bond.ᵂ	An organization or department responsible for providing security by enforcing laws, rules, and regulations as well as maintaining order.	Carelessness; negligence.	Freedom from apprehension.	Proof of ownership of stocks, bonds or other investment instruments.	Property etc. temporarily relinquished to guarantee repayment of a loan.	Something that secures the fulfillment of an obligation or law.	Something that secures.	The condition of not being threatened, especially physically, psychologically, emotionally, or financially.
beard	noun	A barb or sharp point of an arrow or other instrument, projecting backward to prevent the head from being easily drawn out.	A fake customer or companion; an intermediary.	A woman who accompanies a gay man, or a man who accompanies a lesbian, in order to give the impression that the person being accompanied is heterosexual.	Facial hair on the chin, cheeks, jaw and neck.	In insects, the hairs of the labial palpi of moths and butterflies.	Long or stiff hairs on a plant; the awn.	Long, hair-like feathers that protrude from the chest of a turkey	One who helps to conceal infidelity in a monogamous relationship by acting as a cover.	That part of a type which is between the shoulder of the shank and the face.	That part of the underside of a horse's lower jaw which is above the chin, and bears the curb of a bridle.	The appendages to the jaw in some cetaceans, and to the mouth or jaws of some fishes.	The byssus of certain shellfish.	The cluster of small feathers at the base of the beak in some birds.	The curved underside of an axehead, extending from the lower end of the cutting edge to the axehandle.	The gills of some bivalves, such as the oyster.
beard	verb	Of a gay man or woman: to accompany a gay person of the opposite sex in order to give the impression that they are heterosexual.	Of bees, to accumulate together in a beard-like shape.	To boldly and bravely oppose or confront, often to the chagrin of the one being bearded.	To deprive (an oyster or similar shellfish) of the gills.	To grow hair on the chin and jaw.	To take by the beard; to seize, pluck, or pull the beard of (a man), in anger or contempt.
pregnant	adj	Affording entrance; receptive; yielding; willing; open; prompt.	Carrying developing offspring within the body.	Compelling; clear, evident.	Fecund, fertile, prolific (usually of soil, ground, etc.).	Meaningful, having numerous possibilities or implications; full of promise; abounding in ability, resources, etc.	Of a couple: expecting a baby together.	Ready-witted; clever; ingenious.
pregnant	noun	A pregnant person.
sake	noun	Alternative spelling of saké.	cause, interest or account	contention, strife; guilt, sin, accusation or charge	purpose or end; reason	the benefit or regard of someone or something
urgent	adj	Of people: insistent, solicitous.	Requiring immediate attention.
journey	noun	A day's travelling; the distance travelled in a day.	A day's work.	A day.	A group of giraffes.	A set amount of travelling, seen as a single unit; a discrete trip, a voyage.	Any process or progression likened to a journey, especially one that involves difficulties or personal development.	The total time spent melting and working one piece.	The weight of finished coins delivered at one time to the Master of the Mint.
journey	verb	To travel, to make a trip or voyage.
lion	noun	A Chinese foo dog.	A big cat, Panthera leo, native to Africa, India and formerly much of Europe.	A famous person regarded with interest and curiosity.	A light brown color that resembles the fur of a lion.	A male lion, as opposed to a lioness, which is characterized by having a flowing shaggy mane and taking little part in hunting, which can be done cooperatively.	A person who shows attributes associated with the lion, such as strength, courage, or ferocity.	An old Scottish coin, with a lion on the obverse, worth 74 shillings.	Any of various extant and extinct big cats, especially the mountain lion.
lion	adj	Of the light brown color that resembles the fur of a lion.
fairly	adv	Almost; practically.	Favorably; auspiciously; commodiously.	Honestly; properly.	In a fair manner; fair; not biased or skewed or favouring a certain party	Of handwriting: neatly and legibly.	Partly, not fully; somewhat.	Softly; quietly; gently.
embarrass	verb	To hinder from liberty of movement; to impede; to obstruct.	To involve in difficulties concerning money matters; to encumber with debt; to beset with urgent claims or demands.	To perplex mentally; confuse, disconcert; catch off guard.	to humiliate; to disrupt somebody's composure or comfort with acting publicly or freely; to abash.
pilot	noun	A cowcatcher.	A guide book for maritime navigation.	A guide or escort through an unknown or dangerous area.	A person authorised to drive such a vehicle during an escort.	A person who is in charge of the controls of an aircraft.	A person who knows well the depths and currents of a harbor or coastal area, who is hired by a vessel to help navigate the harbor or coast.	A person who steers a ship, a helmsman.	A pilot light.	A pilot vehicle.	A racing driver.	A sample episode of a proposed TV series produced to decide if it should be made or not. If approved, typically the first episode of an actual TV series.	A short plug, sometimes made interchangeable, at the end of a counterbore to guide the tool.	A tone or signal, usually a single frequency, transmitted over a communications system for control or synchronization purposes.	An instrument for detecting the compass error.	One who flies a kite.	Something serving as a test or trial.	The heading or excavation of relatively small dimensions, first made in the driving of a larger tunnel.
pilot	adj	Being a vehicle to warn other road users of the presence of an oversize vehicle/combination.	Made or used as a test or demonstration of capability.	Used to control or activate another device.
pilot	verb	To control (an aircraft or watercraft).	To guide (a vessel) through coastal waters.	To guide or conduct (a person) somewhere.	To serve as the leading locomotive on a double-headed train.	To test or have a preliminary trial of (an idea, a new product, television show, etc.)
confidence	noun	A feeling of certainty; firm trust or belief; faith.	Boldness; presumption.	Information held in secret; a piece of information shared but to thence be kept in secret.	Self-assurance.
perform	verb	Of a man, to be able to initiate or fulfill an act of sexual intercourse.	Of a social actor, to behave in certain ways.	To act in a way set forth in a contract.	To act in accordance with (a contract); to fulfill one’s terms of (a contract).	To behave in accordance with, and thereby in turn shape, (a social notion or role).	To behave in ways that carry meaning in social contexts.	To behave theatrically so as to give the impression of (a quality, character trait, etc.); to feign.	To do (something) in front of an audience, such as acting or music, often in order to entertain.	To do (something); to execute.	To exhibit an expected pattern of behavior; to function; to work.	To fulfill contractually agreed-to terms.
access	noun	A way or means of approaching or entering; an entrance; a passage.	Admission to sexual intercourse.	An increase by addition; accession	An onset, attack, or fit of disease; an ague fit.	An outburst of an emotion; a paroxysm; a fit of passion.	Complicity or assent.	Connection to or communication with a computer program or to the Internet.	The act of approaching or entering; an advance.	The process of locating data in memory.	The quality of being easy to approach or enter.	The right of a noncustodial parent to visit their child.	The right or ability of approaching or entering; admittance; admission; accessibility.
access	verb	To gain or obtain access to.	To have access to (data).
former	adj	First of aforementioned two items. Used with the, often without a noun.	Previous.
former	noun	An object used to form something, such as a template, gauge, or cutting die.	Someone in, or of, a certain form (class).	Someone who forms something; a maker; a creator or founder.
satisfy	verb	To answer or discharge (a claim, debt, legal demand, etc.); to give compensation for.	To be enough (for)	To cause (a sentence) to be true when the sentence is interpreted in one's universe.	To convince by ascertaining; to free from doubt.	To meet the needs of, to fulfill the wishes or requirements of (someone).	To pay to the extent of what is claimed or due.	To provide what is wanted or required for (something).
entrance	noun	The act of taking possession, as of property, or of office.	The action of entering, or going in.	The angle which the bow of a vessel makes with the water at the water line.	The beginning of a musician's playing or singing; entry.	The bow, or entire wedgelike forepart of a vessel, below the water line.	The causing to be entered upon a register, as a ship or goods, at a customhouse; an entering.	The entering upon; the beginning, or that with which the beginning is made; the commencement; initiation.	The place of entering, as a gate or doorway.	The right to go in.
entrance	verb	To delight and fill with wonder.	To put into a trance.
manner	noun	A certain degree or measure.	Characteristic mode of acting or behaving; bearing	Good, polite behaviour.	Mode of action; way of performing or doing anything	One's customary method of acting; habit.	Sort; kind; style.	Standards of conduct cultured and product of mind.	The style of writing or thought of an author; the characteristic peculiarity of an artist.
cough	verb	Chiefly followed by up: to give up or hand over (something); especially, to pay up (money).	Sometimes followed by up: to force (something) out of the lungs or throat by pushing air from the lungs through the glottis (causing a short, explosive sound), and out through the mouth.	To cause (oneself or something) to be in a certain condition in the manner described in sense 1.1.	To express (words, etc.) in the manner described in sense 1.1.	To make a noise like a cough.	To push air from the lungs through the glottis (causing a short, explosive sound) and out through the mouth, usually to expel something blocking or irritating the airway.	To surrender (information); to confess.	To surrender information; to confess, to spill the beans.
cough	noun	A bout of repeated coughing (verb sense 2.1); also, a medical condition that causes one to cough.	A noise or sound like a cough (sense 1).	A sudden, often involuntary expulsion of air from the lungs through the glottis (causing a short, explosive sound), and out through the mouth.	A vocalisation from a bird or other animal resembling a human cough.
cough	intj	Used to represent the sound of a cough (noun sense 1), especially when focusing attention on a following utterance, often an attribution of blame or a euphemism: ahem.
further	verb	To encourage growth; to support progress or growth of something; to promote.	To help forward; to assist.
further	adj	More distant; relatively distant.	More, additional.
further	adv	Also; in addition; furthermore; moreover.	Beyond what is already stated or is already the case.	Following on (from).	To a greater extent or degree.	To, at or over a greater distance in space, time or other extent.
related	adj	Being a relative of.	Fulfilling a relation.	Having a relationship with the thing named.	Narrated; told.	Standing in relation or connection.	Synonym of relative.
related	verb	simple past and past participle of relate
unusual	adj	Not usual, out of the ordinary.
unusual	noun	Something that is unusual; an anomaly.
grateful	adj	Of a person or their actions, feelings, etc.: expressing gratitude or appreciation; appreciative, thankful.	Of a thing or (obsolete) person: pleasing to the mind or senses; agreeable, pleasant, welcome.
cheat	verb	To avoid a seemingly inevitable thing.	To be unfaithful to one's spouse or partner; to commit adultery, or to engage in sexual or romantic conduct with a person other than one's partner in contravention of the rules of society or agreement in the relationship.	To deceive; to fool; to trick.	To disregard self-imposed restrictions or commitments in favour of resting or indulging oneself.	To violate rules in order to gain, or attempt to gain, advantage from a situation.
cheat	noun	A card game where the goal is to have no cards remaining in a hand, often by telling lies.	A hidden means of gaining an unfair advantage in a video game, often by entering a cheat code.	A sort of low-quality bread.	An act of deception or fraud; that which is the means of fraud or deception.	Someone who cheats.	The weed cheatgrass.
fry	verb	A method of cooking food.	To be affected by extreme heat or current.	To cook (something) in hot fat.	To cook in hot fat.	To destroy (something, usually electronic), often with excessive heat, voltage, or current.	To execute, or be executed, by the electric chair.	To make a brushwood drain.	To simmer; to boil.	To suffer because of too much heat.
fry	noun	A drain, usually made of brushwood.	A fried piece of cut potato.	A kind of sieve.	A lamb or calf testicle.	A meal of fried sausages, bacon, eggs, etc.	A state of excitement.	A swarm, especially of something small.	Offspring; progeny; children; brood.	The liver of a lamb.	The spawn of frogs.	Young fish; fishlings.
curious	adj	Careful, fastidious, particular; (specifically) demanding a high standard of excellence, difficult to satisfy.	Carefully or artfully constructed; made with great elegance or skill.	Caused by curiosity.	Clipping of bi-curious.	Containing or pertaining to trivalent curium.	Interested in entering a romantic or sexual relationship with a specified group.	Leading one to ask questions about; somewhat odd, out of the ordinary, or unusual.	Tending to ask questions, or to want to explore or investigate; inquisitive; (with a negative connotation) nosy, prying.
independent	adj	Not affiliated with any political party.	Not dependent; not contingent or depending on something else; free.	Not subject to bias or influence; self-directing.	Providing a comfortable livelihood.	Separate from; exclusive; irrespective.
independent	noun	A candidate or voter not affiliated with any political party, a freethinker, free of a party platform.	A neutral or uncommitted person.	A small, privately owned business.	A team not affiliated with any league or conference.
tail	noun	A downy or feathery appendage of certain achens, formed of the permanent elongated style.	A filamentous projection on the tornal section of each hind wing of certain butterflies.	A portion of an incision, at its beginning or end, which does not go through the whole thickness of the skin, and is more painful than a complete incision; called also tailing.	A rope spliced to the strap of a block, by which it may be lashed to anything.	A tailcoat.	A tailing.	A train or company of attendants; a retinue.	All the last terms of a sequence, from some term on.	An object or part of an object resembling a tail in shape, such as the thongs on a cat-o'-nine-tails.	Limitation of inheritance to certain heirs.	One of the strips at the end of a bandage formed by splitting the bandage one or more times.	One who surreptitiously follows another.	Sexual intercourse.	Synonym of pigtail (“a short length of twisted electrical wire”).	The back, last, lower, or inferior part of anything.	The bottom or lower portion of a member or part such as a slate or tile.	The buttocks or backside.	The caudal appendage of an animal that is attached to its posterior and near the anus.	The distal tendon of a muscle.	The feathers attached to the pygostyle of a bird.	The final fraction of a distillation run, typically containing impurities and fusel oils.	The latter part of a time period or event, or (collectively) persons or objects represented in this part.	The lower loop of the letters in the Roman alphabet, as in g, q or y.	The lower order of batsmen in the batting order, usually specialist bowlers.	The part of a distribution most distant from the mode; as, a long tail.	The part of a note which runs perpendicularly upward or downward from the head; the stem.	The penis of a person or animal.	The rear structure of an aircraft, the empennage.	The side of a coin not bearing the head; normally the side on which the monetary value of the coin is indicated; the reverse.	The stern; the back of the kayak.	The tail-end of any object.	The visible stream of dust and gases blown from a comet by the solar wind.
tail	verb	To follow and observe surreptitiously.	To follow or hang to, like a tail; to be attached closely to, as that which can not be evaded.	To hold by the end; said of a timber when it rests upon a wall or other support; with in or into	To pull or draw by the tail.	To swing with the stern in a certain direction; said of a vessel at anchor.
tail	adj	Limited; abridged; reduced; curtailed.
defend	verb	Mostly in tests. The action of not putting force into hitting a shot, but to conserve energy and wear down bowlers so they can attack later.	To attempt to retain a title, or attempt to reach the same stage in a competition as one did in the previous instance of that competition.	To call a raise from the big blind.	To focus one's energies and talents on preventing opponents from scoring, as opposed to focusing on scoring.	To make legal defence of; to represent (the accused).	To prevent, to keep (from doing something).	To prohibit, forbid.	To support by words or writing; to vindicate, talk in favour of.	To ward off attacks against; to fight to protect; to guard.	To ward off, repel (an attack or attacker).
track	noun	A circular (never-ending) data storage unit on a side of magnetic or optical disk, divided into sectors.	A mark left by something that has passed along.	A mark or impression left by the foot, either of man or animal.	A path or course laid out for a race, for exercise, etc.	A road or other similar beaten path.	A song or other relatively short piece of music, on a record, separated from others by a short silence.	A specialization in senior high school. Some tracks consist of strands.	A themed set of talks within a conference.	A tract or area, such as of land.	Awareness of something, especially when arising from close monitoring.	Clipping of trackshoe.	Ellipsis of caterpillar track.	Physical course; way.	Sound stored on a record.	The direction and progress of someone or something; path.	The distance between two opposite wheels on a same axletree.	The entire lower surface of the foot; said of birds, etc.	The physical track on a record.	The pitch.	The racing events of track and field; track and field in general.	The street, as a prostitute's place of work.	The way or rails along which a train moves.
track	verb	To continue over time.	To create a musical recording (a track).	To create music using tracker software.	To discover the location of a person or object by following traces.	To exhibit good cognitive function.	To follow the tracks of.	To make sense; to be consistent with known information	To make tracks on or to leave in the form of tracks.	To match the movement or change of a person or object.	To monitor the movement of a person or object.	To move.	To observe the (measured) state of a person or object over time.	To separate into educational tracks, each of which teaches to a different level of ability.	To tow.	To travel so that a moving object remains in shot.	To traverse; to move across.
shell	noun	A coarse or flimsy coffin; a thin interior coffin enclosed within a more substantial one.	A concave rough cast-iron tool in which a convex lens is ground to shape.	A garment, usually worn by women, such as a shirt, blouse, or top, with short sleeves or no sleeves, that often fastens in the rear.	A gouge bit or shell bit.	A hard external covering of an animal.	A hollow, usually spherical or cylindrical projectile fired from a siege mortar or a smoothbore cannon. It contains an explosive substance designed to be ignited by a fuse or by percussion at the target site so that it will burst and scatter at high velocity its contents and fragments. Formerly called a bomb.	A legal entity that has no operations.	A light boat whose frame is covered with thin wood, impermeable fabric, or water-proofed paper; a racing shell or dragon boat.	A person otherwise diminished.	A person's ear.	A pod containing the seeds of certain plants, such as the legume Phaseolus vulgaris.	A psychological barrier to social interaction.	A set of atomic orbitals that have the same principal quantum number.	A string instrument, as a lyre, whose acoustical chamber is formed like a shell.	An emaciated person.	An engraved copper roller used in print works.	An operating system software user interface, whose primary purpose is to launch other programs and control their interactions; the user's command interpreter. Shell is a way to separate the internal complexity of the implementation of the command from the user. The internals can change while the user experience/interface remains the same.	An unmarked vehicle for carrying corpses from a crime scene.	Any mollusk having such a covering.	Any slight hollow structure; a framework, or exterior structure, regarded as not complete or filled in, as the shell of a house.	Husks of cacao seeds, a decoction of which is sometimes used as a substitute or adulterant for cocoa and its products such as chocolate.	In formal debating, a set of proposed rules to be followed, with set penalties for violating them.	One of the outer layers of skin of an onion.	One or more school grades within secondary education, at certain public schools.	The accreted mineral formed around a hollow geode.	The body of a drum; the often wooden, often cylindrical acoustic chamber, with or without rims added for tuning and for attaching the drum head.	The calcareous or chitinous external covering of mollusks, crustaceans, and some other invertebrates.	The cartridge of a breechloading firearm; a load; a bullet; a round.	The casing of a self-contained single-unit artillery projectile.	The conjoined scutes that constitute the "shell" (carapace) of a tortoise or turtle.	The covering, or outside part, of a nut.	The empty outward form of someone or something.	The exoskeleton or wing covers of certain insects.	The hard calcareous covering of a bird egg.	The hard external covering of various plant seed forms.	The onset and coda of a syllable.	The outer frame or case of a block within which the sheaves revolve.	The outward form independent of what is inside.	The overlapping hard plates comprising the armor covering the armadillo's body.	The thin coating of copper on an electrotype.	The watertight outer covering of the hull of a vessel, often made with planking or metal plating.
shell	verb	To bombard, to fire projectiles at, especially with artillery.	To cast the shell, or exterior covering; to fall out of the pod or husk.	To disburse or give up money, to pay. (Often used with out).	To drop (the ball).	To fall off, as a shell, crust, etc.	To form a shelling.	To form shallow, irregular cracks (in a coating).	To remove the outer covering or shell of something.	To switch to a shell or command line.
curtain	noun	A flag; an ensign.	A piece of cloth covering a window, bed, etc. to offer privacy and keep out light.	A similar piece of cloth that separates the audience and the stage in a theater.	Death.	That part of a wall of a building which is between two pavilions, towers, etc.	The beginning of a show; the moment the curtain rises.	The flat area of wall which connects two bastions or towers; the main area of a fortified wall.	The uninterrupted stream of fluid that falls onto a moving substrate in the process of curtain coating.
curtain	verb	To cover (a window) with a curtain; to hang curtains.	To hide, cover or separate as if by a curtain.
cheer	noun	A chant made in support of a team at a sports event.	A cheerful attitude; happiness; a good, happy, or positive mood.	A cry expressing joy, approval or support, such as "hurrah".	Cheerleading, especially when practiced as a competitive sport.	One's attitude, mood.	One's facial expression or countenance.	That which promotes good spirits or cheerfulness, especially food and entertainment prepared for a festive occasion.
cheer	verb	To applaud or encourage with cheers or shouts.	To encourage to do something.	To feel or express enthusiasm for (something).	To gladden; to make cheerful; often with up.	To infuse life, courage, animation, or hope, into; to inspirit; to solace or comfort.
image	noun	A characteristic of a person, group or company etc., style, manner of dress, how one is or wishes to be perceived by others.	A file that contains all information needed to produce a live working copy. (See disk image and image copy.)	A form of interference: a weaker "copy" of a strong signal that occurs at a different frequency.	A mental picture of something not real or not present.	A statue or idol.	An optical or other representation of a real object; a graphic; a picture.	Show; appearance; cast.	The subset of the codomain of a function comprising those elements that are the image of some element of its domain.	The value a function maps some argument to.
image	verb	To create a complete backup copy of a file system or other entity.	To create an image of.	To reflect, mirror.	To represent by an image or symbol; to portray.
sofa	noun	A raised area of a building's floor, usually covered with carpeting, used for sitting.	A slave soldier who served in the army of the Mali Empire.	An upholstered seat with a raised back and one or two raised ends, long enough to comfortably accommodate two or more people.
sofa	verb	To furnish with one or more sofas.	To seat or lay down on a sofa.
imagination	noun	A mental image formed by the action of the imagination as a faculty; something imagined.	Creativity; resourcefulness.	Particularly, construction of false images; fantasizing.	The image-making power of the mind; the act of mentally creating or reproducing an object not previously perceived; the ability to create such images.
Rome	name	A borough in Bradford County, Pennsylvania.	A census-designated place in Jefferson County, Wisconsin.	A census-designated place in Peoria County, Illinois.	A city in Oneida County, New York.	A city, the county seat of Floyd County, Georgia.	A ghost town in Ellis County, Kansas.	A ghost town in Morrow County, Ohio.	A major city, the capital of Italy and the Italian region of Lazio, located on the Tiber River; the ancient capital of the Roman Empire.	A metropolitan city of Lazio, Italy.	A number of places in the United States:	A number of townships, including in Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio (3) and Pennsylvania (2), listed under Rome Township.	A surname.	A town and unincorporated community in Adams County, Wisconsin.	A town in Kennebec County, Maine.	A village in Green Township, Adams County, Ohio.	A village in Henry County, Iowa.	An ancient empire based out of the city of Rome, covering vast territories in Europe, Asia and Africa; in full, Roman Empire.	An unincorporated community in Covington County, Alabama.	An unincorporated community in Daviess County, Kentucky.	An unincorporated community in Delaware County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Douglas County, Missouri.	An unincorporated community in Malheur County, Oregon.	An unincorporated community in Perry County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Richland County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Smith County, Tennessee.	An unincorporated community in Sumner County, Kansas.	An unincorporated community in Sunflower County, Mississippi.	The Church of Rome, the Roman Catholic Church generally.	The Holy See, the leadership of the Roman Catholic Church, particularly prior to the establishment of the Vatican City in the 19th century.	The Italian government.
oppose	verb	To attempt to stop the progression of; to resist or antagonize by physical means, or by arguments, etc.; to contend against.	To object to.	To place in front of, or over against; to set opposite; to exhibit.	To present or set up in opposition; to pose.
accustom	verb	To be wont.	To cohabit.	To make familiar by use; to cause to accept; to habituate, familiarize, or inure.
accustom	noun	Custom.
visitor	noun	A head or overseer of an institution such as a college (in which case, equivalent to the university's chancellor) or cathedral or hospital, who resolves disputes, gives ceremonial speeches, etc.	A person authorized to visit an institution to see that it is being managed properly.	An extraterrestrial being on Earth.	An object which lands or passes by Earth or its orbit.	Someone who pays a visit to a specific place or event; a sightseer or tourist.	Someone who visits someone else; someone staying as a guest.	Someone, or a team, that is playing away from home.	The object in the visitor pattern that performs an operation on the elements of a structure one by one.
cure	noun	A method, device or medication that restores good health.	A process of preservation, as by smoking.	A process of solidification or gelling.	A process whereby a material is caused to form permanent molecular linkages by exposure to chemicals, heat, pressure or weathering.	A solution to a problem.	An act of healing or state of being healed; restoration to health after a disease, or to soundness after injury.	An eccentric person.	Care, heed, or attention.	Cured fish.	Spiritual charge; care of soul; the office of a parish priest or of a curate.	That which is committed to the charge of a parish priest or of a curate.
cure	verb	To become healed.	To bring (a disease or its bad effects) to an end.	To bring about a cure of any kind.	To cause to be rid of (a defect).	To pay heed; to care; to give attention.	To prepare or alter, especially by chemical or physical processing for keeping or use.	To preserve (food), typically by salting.	To restore to health.	To solidify or gel.	To undergo a chemical or physical process for preservation or use.
respond	verb	To act in return; to carry out an action or in return to a force or stimulus; to do something in response.	To be liable for payment.	To correspond with; to suit.	To satisfy; to answer.	To say something in return; to answer; to reply.
respond	noun	A half-pillar, pilaster, or any corresponding device engaged in a wall to receive the impost of an arch.	A response.	A versicle or short anthem chanted at intervals during the reading of a lection.
Russia	name	A transcontinental country in Eastern Europe and North Asia. Official name: Russian Federation. Capital and largest city: Moscow. It borders the Pacific and Arctic Oceans and the Baltic, Black, and Caspian Seas. Part of the Soviet Union from 1917 through 1991.	Any of several East Slavic states descended from Kievan Rus, typically including Russia (Great Russia), Belarus (White Russia) and Ukraine (Little Russia).	Kievan Rus; the medieval East Slavic state centered in Kiev.	The Russian Empire; the tsarist empire in Russia lasting from 1721 to 1917.	The Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (a very common name, although more formally Russia, the RSFSR, was one of several constituent republics of the USSR).
Russia	noun	Ellipsis of Russia leather.
quietly	adv	In a quiet manner.
owner	noun	Ellipsis of owner-type jeepney.	One who owns something.	The captain of a ship.
June	name	A female given name transferred from the month name [in turn from English], for a girl born in June, used since the end of the 19th century.	A male given name, or more often nickname, for a boy who is junior to someone else, especially someone with the same name, such as his father.	The sixth month of the Gregorian calendar, following May and preceding July, containing the northern solstice.
exhaust	verb	To discharge or escape (as exhaust).	To discuss thoroughly or completely.	To draw or let out wholly; to drain completely.	To empty by drawing or letting out the contents.	To expel (as exhaust).	To subject to the action of various solvents in order to remove all soluble substances or extractives.	To tire out; to wear out; to cause to be without any energy.	To use up; to deplete, drain or expend wholly, or use until the supply comes to an end.
exhaust	noun	A system consisting of the parts of an engine through which burned gases or steam are discharged; see also exhaust system.	An exhaust pipe, especially on a motor vehicle.	Exhaust gas.	The dirty air let out of a room through a register or pipe provided for the purpose.	The steam let out of a cylinder after it has done its work there.
exhaust	adj	Exhausted; used up.
guide	noun	A blade or channel for directing the flow of water to the buckets in a water wheel.	A device that guides part of a machine, or guides motion or action.	A document or book that offers information or instruction; guidebook.	A grooved director for a probe or knife in surgery.	A member of a group marching in formation who sets the pattern of movement or alignment for the rest.	A sign that guides people; guidepost.	A spirit believed to speak through a medium.	A strip or device to direct the compositor's eye to the line of copy being set.	Any marking or object that catches the eye to provide quick reference.	Someone who guides, especially someone hired to show people around a place or an institution and offer information and explanation, or to lead them through dangerous terrain.	Synonym of legend, a key to symbols, abbreviations, and terms on a map, chart, etc.
guide	verb	To act as a guide.	To exert control or influence over someone or something.	To serve as a guide for someone or something; to lead or direct in a way; to conduct in a course or path.	To steer or navigate, especially a ship or as a pilot.	To supervise the education or training of someone.
fellow	noun	A (senior) member of a learned or professional society.	A black man.	A close companion or friend; also, a companion or friend whom one eats or drinks with.	A colleague or partner.	A companion; a comrade.	A male person; a bloke, a chap, a guy, a man; also, preceded by a modifying word, sometimes with a sense of mild reproach: used as a familiar term of address to a man.	A man without good breeding or of lower social status; a common or ignoble man; also, used as a polite term of address to such a person.	A member of a college or university who manages its business interests.	A person living at the same time, or about the same age as another, especially when in the same field of study or work.	A person or thing comparable in characteristics with another person or thing; especially, as belonging to the same class or group.	A person with abilities, achievements, skills, etc., equal to those of another person; a thing with characteristics, worth, etc., equal to those of another thing.	A person's servant or slave.	A physician undergoing a fellowship (supervised subspecialty medical training) after having completed a residency (specialty training program).	A scholar appointed to a fellowship, that is, a paid academic position held for a certain period which usually requires the scholar to conduct research.	A senior member of an Inn of Court.	A senior researcher or technician in a corporation, especially one engaged in research and development.	A worthless person; a churl, a knave; also, used as a term of address to a person regarded as such.	Alternative form of fella (“used as a general intensifier”)	An animal or object.	An animal which is a member of a breed or species, or a flock, herd, etc.	An associate in the commission of a crime or other wrongful act; an accomplice.	An equal in character, power, rank, etc.; a peer.	An honorary title bestowed by a college or university upon a distinguished person (often an alumna or alumnus).	An object which is associated with another object; especially, as part of a set.	Followed by of: one who participates in an activity; a participant.	Often in the form Fellow: academic senses.	One in the same condition, or situation of need, as another.	One of a pair of things suited to each other or used together; a counterpart, a mate.	Originally (obsolete), a person's partner (of either sex) in life or marriage; a spouse; also, the mate of an animal; now (dated), a person's male lover or partner; a boyfriend; a husband.	Originally, one of a group of academics who make up a college or similar educational institution; now, a senior member of a college or similar educational institution involved in teaching, research, and management of the institution.	Synonym of schoolmate (“a student at the same school”).	Usually qualified by an adjective or used in the plural: an individual or person regardless of gender.
fellow	verb	Followed by to or with: to associate or join (oneself, someone, or something) with some other person or thing in companionship or a partnership.	Followed by to or with: to cause or portray (someone or something) to be equal to some other person or thing.	Followed by with: to associate or join with a person or thing in companionship or a partnership.	To address (someone) as "fellow", especially in an insulting manner (see noun sense 10.6).	To associate or go together with (someone or something); to become a partner of (someone or something).	To equal (someone or something); also, to cause or find someone or something to be equal to (some other person or thing).	To pair or suit (someone or something) with some other person or thing; also, to pair or suit someone or something with (some other person or thing); to arrange (things) in pairs.
drawer	noun	A barman; a person who draws the beer from the taps.	A side panel containing supplementary content.	A wagoner or person who pushes underground tubs.	Agent noun of draw; one who draws.	An artist who primarily makes drawings.	An open-topped box that can be slid in and out of the cabinet that contains it, used for storing clothing or other articles.	Attributive form of drawers.	One who writes a bank draft, check/cheque, or promissory note.	Someone who taps palm sap for making toddy.
focus	noun	A point at which reflected or refracted rays of light converge.	A point of a conic at which rays reflected from a curve or surface converge.	An object used in casting a magic spell.	Concentration of attention.	Something to which activity, attention or interest is primarily directed.	The centre of an older fish's scale, which is the point where a younger fish's scale starts to grow from.	The exact point of where an earthquake occurs, in three dimensions (underneath the epicentre).	The fact of the convergence of light on the photographic medium.	The most important word or phrase in a sentence or passage, or the one that imparts information.	The quality of the convergence of light on the photographic medium.	The status of being the currently active element in a user interface, often indicated by a visual highlight.
focus	verb	To adjust (a lens, an optical instrument) in order to position an image with respect to the focal plane.	To adjust itself or be adjusted such that light from a scene converges appropriately to create a clear image.	To aggregate figures of accounts.	To cause (rays of light, etc) to converge at a single point.	To concentrate one's attention on something; to have as one's central point of interest, concern, etc.	To concentrate one’s attention.	To direct attention, effort, or energy to a particular audience or task.	To transfer the input focus to (a visual element), so that it receives subsequent input.
whatre		
skirt	noun	A loose edging to any part of a dress.	A petticoat.	A woman.	An article of clothing, usually worn by women and girls, that hangs from the waist and covers the lower part of the body.	Sexual intercourse with a woman.	The border; edge; margin; extreme part of anything.	The diaphragm, or midriff, in animals.	The part of a dress or robe, etc., that hangs below the waist.	Women collectively, in a sexual context.
skirt	verb	To avoid or ignore (something); to manage to avoid (something or a problem); to skate by (something).	To be on or form the border of.	To cover with a skirt; to surround.	To move around or along the border of; to avoid the center of.
parking	verb	present participle and gerund of park
parking	noun	Space in which to park a car or other vehicle, such as a parking lot or curbside parking.	The action of the verb to park.
1000		
therefore	adv	Consequently, by or in consequence of that or this cause; referring to something previously stated.	for that; for it (in reference to a previous statement)
datum	noun	A floating reference point, or SLDMB, used to evaluate surface currents in a body of water, and often employed by coastal search and rescue.	A point, line, or surface with reference to which positions (such as elevations) are measured or indicated (such as a permanent benchmark in leveling or mean sea level in a topographical survey).	Singular of data: A single recorded material, especially obtained by scientific work.	Something known or assumed as fact, and is made the basis of reasoning or inference which an intellectual system of any sort (such as knowledge or theoretical framework) is constructed.
datum	verb	To provide missing data points by using a mathematical model to extrapolate values that are outside the range of a measuring device.
Greek	adj	Of or relating to Greece, its people, its language, or its culture.	Of or relating to collegiate fraternities, sororities, and/or (uncommon) honor societies.	Synonym of incomprehensible, used for foreign speech or text, technical jargon, or advanced subjects.
Greek	name	A surname.	The language spoken by people of Greece, particularly, depending on context, Ancient Greek or Modern Greek.	The written form of these languages.
Greek	noun	A cunning rogue.	A member of a collegiate fraternity or sorority.	A merry fellow.	A person from Greece or of Greek descent.	Anal sex.	Greek cuisine, traditional or representative Greek food.	One of the Greeks, measures of derivative price sensitivity.	Synonym of gibberish, used for foreign speech or text, technical jargon, or advanced subjects.	Synonym of lorem ipsum, dummy placeholder text used in greeking.
Greek	verb	Alternative letter-case form of greek.	To cheat at cards.
split	verb	For both teams involved in a doubleheader to win one game each and lose another.	To (cause to) break up; to throw into discord.	To be broken; to be dashed to pieces.	To be expressable as a direct sum of sub-modules, -algebras, etc.	To break along the grain fully or partly along a more or less straight line.	To burst out laughing.	To contain an object which may be so expressed.	To divide fully or partly along a more or less straight line.	To divulge a secret; to betray confidence; to peach.	To factor into linear factors.	To leave.	To separate.	To share; to divide.	To vote for candidates of opposite parties.
split	adj	Comprising half decaffeinated and half caffeinated espresso.	Designating ordinary stock that has been divided into preferred ordinary and deferred ordinary.	Divided so as to be done or executed part at one time or price and part at another time or price.	Divided.	Given in sixteenths rather than eighths.	Having the middle object (group, module, etc.) equal to the direct sum of the others.
split	noun	A bottle of wine containing 37.5 centiliters, half the volume of a standard 75-centiliter bottle; a demi.	A breach or separation, as in a political party; a division.	A crack or longitudinal fissure.	A dessert or confection resembling a banana split.	A division of a stake happening when two cards of the kind on which the stake is laid are dealt in the same turn.	A maneuver of spreading or sliding the feet apart until the legs are flat on the floor 180 degrees apart, either sideways to the body or with one leg in front and one behind, thus lowering the body completely to the floor in an upright position.	A piece that is split off, or made thin, by splitting; a splinter; a fragment.	A recording containing songs by multiple artists; a split single or split album.	A result of a first throw that leaves two or more pins standing with one or more pins between them knocked down.	A split shot or split stroke.	A split-finger fastball.	A tear resulting from tensile stresses.	A unit of measure used for champagne or other spirits: 18.75 centiliters or one quarter of a standard 75-centiliter bottle. Commercially comparable to ¹⁄₂₀ (US) gallon, which is ¹⁄₂ of a fifth.	A workout routine as seen by its distribution of muscle groups or the extent and manner they are targeted in a microcycle.	One of the sections of a skin made by dividing it into two or more thicknesses.	The division of a single taxon into two or more taxa; as opposed to a lump.	The elapsed time at specific intermediate points in a race or speedrun.
career	noun	A jouster's path during a joust.	A racecourse; the ground run over.	A short gallop of a horse.	One’s calling in life; one's working occupation or profession, especially when pursued seriously and/or over a long period of time.	Speed.	The course, evolution, and ongoing advancement of one's working life, especially in one particular field.	The flight of a hawk.	The general course of one's action or conduct in life, or in a particular area of life.
career	verb	To move rapidly straight ahead, especially in an uncontrolled way.
career	adj	Doing something professionally, for a living (generally said of something that is not a commonplace job, e.g. criminal activity).	Synonym of serial (“doing something regularly”).
mayor	noun	A high justice, an important judge.	A largely ceremonial position in some municipal governments that presides over the city council while a contracted city manager holds actual executive power.	A local VIP, a muckamuck or big shot reckoned to lead some local group.	A member of a city council.	Ellipsis of mayor of the palace, the royal stewards of the Frankish Empire.	Synonym of mair, various former officials in the Kingdom of Scotland.	The chief executive of the municipal government of a city, borough, etc., formerly (historical) usually appointed as a caretaker by European royal courts but now usually appointed or elected locally.
nut	noun	A crazy person.	A piece of hardware, typically metal and typically hexagonal or square in shape, with a hole through it having internal screw threads, intended to be screwed onto a threaded bolt or other threaded shaft.	A projection on each side of the shank of an anchor, to secure the stock in place.	A shaped piece of metal, threaded by a wire loop, which is jammed in a crack in the rockface and used to protect a climb. (Originally, machine nuts [sense #2] were used for this purpose.)	A small rounded cake or cookie.	A stash of money owned by an extremely rich investor, sufficient to sustain a high level of consumption if all other money is lost.	A testicle.	Alternative form of nuth (“Indian nose ring”).	An extravagantly fashionable young man.	An extreme enthusiast.	Any of various hard-shelled seeds or hard, dry fruits from various families of plants.	En, a unit of measurement equal to half of the height of the type in use.	Monthly expense to keep a venture running.	On stringed instruments such as guitars and violins, the small piece at the peghead end of the fingerboard that holds the strings at the proper spacing and, in most cases, the proper height.	Orgasm, ejaculation; especially release of semen; cumshot	Semen, ejaculate, cum.	Senses related to male genitalia.	Such a fruit that is indehiscent.	The amount of money necessary to set up some venture; set-up costs.	The best possible hand of a certain type. Compare nuts (“the best possible hand available”).	The glans (structure at the extremity of the penis or of the clitoris).	The head.	The tumbler of a gunlock.
nut	verb	To defeat thoroughly.	To gather nuts.	To hit deliberately with the head; to headbutt.	To hit in the testicles.	To orgasm; to ejaculate.
nut	intj	No.
cast	verb	Of dogs, hunters: to spread out and search for a scent.	To add up (a column of figures, accounts etc.); cross-cast refers to adding up a row of figures.	To assign (a role in a play or performance).	To assign a role in a play or performance to (an actor).	To bring the bows of a sailing ship on to the required tack just as the anchor is weighed by use of the headsail; to bring (a ship) round.	To broadcast (video) over the Internet or a local network, especially to one's television.	To calculate the astrological value of (a horoscope, birth etc.).	To change a variable type from, for example, integer to real, or integer to text.	To consider; to turn or revolve in the mind; to plan.	To defeat in a lawsuit; to decide against; to convict.	To deposit (a ballot or voting paper); to formally register (one's vote).	To describe in an opinionated way. Mostly used with a metaphor involving light.	To direct (one's eyes, gaze etc.).	To give birth to (a child) prematurely; to miscarry.	To heave the lead and line in order to ascertain the depth of water.	To impose; to bestow; to rest.	To move, or be moved, away.	To open a circle in order to begin a spell or meeting of witches.	To perform, bring forth (a magical spell or enchantment).	To plan, intend.	To predict, to decide, to plan.	To remove, take off (clothes).	To set (a bone etc.) in a cast.	To shape (molten metal etc.) by pouring into a mould; to make (an object) in such a way.	To stereotype or electrotype.	To throw (light etc.) on or upon something, or in a given direction.	To throw down or aside.	To throw forward (a fishing line, net etc.) into the sea.	To throw off (the skin) as a process of growth; to shed the hair or fur of the coat.	To throw out or emit; to exhale.	To throw up, as a mound, or rampart.	To throw.	To turn (the balance or scale); to overbalance; hence, to make preponderate; to decide.	To twist or warp (of fabric, timber etc.).	To vomit.
cast	noun	A chance or attempt at something.	A group of crabs.	A small mass of earth "thrown off" or excreted by a worm.	A squint.	A supportive and immobilising device used to help mend broken bones.	An act of throwing.	An instance of throwing out a fishing line.	An object made in a mould.	Animal and insect remains which have been regurgitated by a bird.	Assistance given by transporting a person or lightening their labour.	Obsolete form of caste (“hereditary social class of South Asia”).	Something which has been thrown, dispersed etc.	The casting procedure.	The collective group of actors performing a play or production together. Contrasted with crew.	The form of one's thoughts, mind etc.	The measurement of the angle of a shotgun stock from a top-view center line, used to align the shotgun to the shooter's eye.	The mould used to make cast objects.	The number of hawks (or occasionally other birds) cast off at one time; a pair.	The number rolled on a die when it is thrown.	Visual appearance.
cast	adj	Of an animal, such as a horse or sheep: Lying in a position from which it cannot rise on its own.
generous	adj	Invigorating in its nature.	Large, more than ample, copious.	Noble in behaviour or actions; principled, not petty; kind, magnanimous.	Of noble birth.	Willing to give and share unsparingly; showing a readiness to give more (especially money) than is expected or needed.
virtue	noun	A creature embodying divine power, specifically one of the orders of heavenly beings, traditionally ranked above angels and archangels, and below seraphim and cherubim.	A particular manifestation of moral excellence in a person; an admirable quality.	Accordance with moral principles; conformity of behaviour or thought with the strictures of morality; good moral conduct.	An inherently advantageous or excellent quality of something or someone; a favourable point, an advantage.	Specifically, each of several qualities held to be particularly important, including the four cardinal virtues, the three theological virtues, or the seven virtues opposed to the seven deadly sins.	Specifically, moral conduct in sexual behaviour, especially of women; chastity.	The inherent power of a god, or other supernatural being.	The inherent power or efficacy of something (now only in phrases).
competition	noun	A contest for a prize or award.	The action of competing.	The competitors in such a contest.
actress	noun	A female doer or "actor" (in a general sense).	A female who performs on the stage or in films.
quarter	noun	A division or section of a town or city, especially having a particular character of its own, or associated with a particular group etc.	A fourth part of a coat of arms, or the charge on it, larger than a canton and normally on the upper dexter side, formed by a perpendicular line from the top meeting a horizontal line from the side.	A fourth part of a hundredweight.	A fourth part of a pound; approximately 113 grams.	A fourth part of an hour; a period of fifteen minutes, especially with reference to the quarter before or after the hour.	A fourth part of something.	A fourth part of the night; one of the watches or divisions of the night.	A fourth part of the year; 3 months; a term or season.	A measure of capacity used chiefly for grain or coal, varying greatly in quantity by time and location.	A measure of length; originally a fourth part of an ell, now chiefly a fourth part of a yard.	A quarter of an acre or 40 roods.	A quarter-dollar, divided into 25 cents; the coin of that value minted in the United States or Canada.	A quarterback.	A quarterfinal.	A quartermaster; a quartermaster sergeant.	A region or place.	A section (of a population), especially one having a particular set of values or interests.	A topic or area of endeavour.	Accommodation given to a defeated opponent; mercy; exemption from being killed.	Each of four equal parts into which something can be divided; a fourth part.	Each of four parts into which the earth or sky is divided, corresponding to the four cardinal points of the compass.	One of four equal periods into which a game is divided.	One's residence or dwelling-place; (in plural) rooms, lodgings, especially as allocated to soldiers or domestic staff.	Place or position.	Relations between people.	The aftmost part of a vessel's side, roughly from the last mast to the stern.	The part on either side of a horse's hoof between the toe and heel, the side of its coffin.
quarter	adj	Consisting of a fourth part, a quarter (¹⁄₄, 25%).	Pertaining to an aspect of a quarter.	Related to a three-month term, a quarter of a year.
quarter	verb	To display different coats of arms in the quarters of a shield.	To divide into quarters; to divide by four.	To drive a carriage so as to prevent the wheels from going into the ruts, or so that a rut shall be between the wheels.	To execute (someone) by tying each limb to a different animal (such as a horse) and driving them in different directions.	To lodge; to have a temporary residence.	To provide housing for military personnel or other equipment.	To quartersaw.	To range to and fro over an area; to move from point to point.
region	noun	A place in or a part of the body in any way indicated.	A subnational region of Chile; equivalent to province.	A subprovincial region of Quebec; the primary level subdivision; a prefecture.	An administrative subdivision of a city, a territory, a country.	An administrative subdivision of the European Union.	An approximate range.	Any considerable and connected part of a space or surface; specifically, a tract of land or sea of considerable but indefinite extent; a country; a district; in a broad sense, a place without special reference to location or extent but viewed as an entity for geographical, social or cultural reasons.	Ellipsis of administrative region.	Ellipsis of regional municipality, a county-level municipality.	Place; rank; station; dignity.	Such a division of the city of Rome and of the territory about Rome, of which the number varied at different times; a district, quarter, or ward.	The inhabitants of a region or district of a country.	The space from the earth's surface out to the orbit of the moon: properly called the elemental region.
Street	name	A hamlet in Holcombe parish, Somerset, previously in Mendip district (OS grid ref ST6750).	A large village and civil parish in Somerset, England, previously in Mendip district (OS grid ref ST4836).	A placename:	A small village in Branscombe parish, East Devon district, Devon, England (OS grid ref SY1888).	A surname.	A village in County Westmeath, Ireland.	An unincorporated community in Harford County, Maryland, United States.
debate	verb	To consider (to oneself), to think over, to attempt to decide	To engage in combat for; to strive for.	To fight.	To participate in a debate; to dispute, argue, especially in a public arena.
debate	noun	A type of literary composition, taking the form of a discussion or disputation, commonly found in the vernacular medieval poetry of many European countries, as well as in medieval Latin.	An argument, or discussion, usually in an ordered or formal setting, often with more than two people, generally ending with a vote or other decision.	An informal and spirited but generally civil discussion of opposing views.	Discussion of opposing views.	Strife, discord.
tip	noun	A gratuity; a small amount of money left for a bartender, waiter, taxi driver or other servant as a token of appreciation.	A kick or phase; one's current habits or behaviour.	A light blow or tap.	A particular arena or sphere of interest; a front.	A piece of advice.	A piece of metal, fabric or other material used to cover the top of something for protection, utility or decoration.	A piece of private or secret information, especially imparted by someone with expert knowledge about sporting odds, business performance etc.	A piece of stiffened lining pasted on the inside of a hat crown.	A prediction about the outcome of something.	A prediction of the winning team in a football game by a participant in a footy tipping competition.	A recycling centre.	A small piece of meat.	A thin, boarded brush made of camel's hair, used by gilders in lifting gold leaf.	A tram for expeditiously transferring coal.	A very untidy place.	An act of tipping up or tilting.	An area or a place for dumping something, such as rubbish or refuse, as from a mine; a heap (see tipple); a dump.	Rubbish thrown from a quarry.	Synonym of eartip (“part of earbuds”).	The act of deflecting with one's fingers, especially the fingertips	The end of a bow of a stringed instrument that is not held.	The extreme end of something, especially when pointed; e.g. the sharp end of a pencil.	The knocking over of a skittle.
tip	verb	(To cause) to be, or come to be, in a tilted or sloping position; (to cause) to become unbalanced.	(To cause) to become knocked over, fall down or overturn.	To cause the contents of a container to be emptied out by tilting it.	To deflect with one′s fingers, especially one′s fingertips.	To drink.	To dump (refuse).	To enter a prediction of the winning team of a football game, as part of a footy tipping competition.	To give a piece of private information to; to inform (someone) of a clue, secret knowledge, etc.	To give a small gratuity to, especially to an employee of someone who provides a service.	To give, pass.	To hit quickly and lightly; to tap.	To pour a libation or a liquid from a container, particularly from a forty of malt liquor.	To predict something having a particular outcome.	To provide with a tip; to cover the tip of.
nowhere	adv	In no place.	To no place.
nowhere	adj	Unimportant; unworthy of notice.
nowhere	noun	No particular place, noplace.
May	name	A female given name, usually pet name for Mary and Margaret, reinforced by the month and plant meaning.	A former settlement in Amador County, California.	A number of places in the United States:	A number of townships in the United States, listed under May Township.	A small town in Harper County, Oklahoma.	A surname from Middle English.	A surname.	An unincorporated community in Brown County, Texas.	An unincorporated community in Lemhi County, Idaho.	An unincorporated community in McDonald County, Missouri.	An unincorporated community in Pocahontas County, West Virginia.	The fifth month of the Gregorian calendar, following April and preceding June.
female	adj	Belonging to the sex which typically produces eggs (ova), or to the gender which is typically associated with it.	Characteristic of this sex/gender. (Compare feminine, womanly.)	Feminine; of the feminine grammatical gender.	Having an internal socket, as in a connector or pipe fitting.	Lacking the F factor, and able to receive DNA from another bacterium which does have this factor (a male).	Tending to lead to or regulate the development of sexual characteristics typical of this sex.
female	noun	A bacterium which lacks the F factor, and is able to receive DNA from another bacterium which has that factor.	A female connector, pipe fitting, etc.	A human of the feminine sex.	A plant which produces only that kind of reproductive organ capable of developing into fruit after impregnation or fertilization; a pistillate plant.	An animal of the sex that produces eggs.	One of the female (feminine) sex or gender.
examine	verb	To check the health or condition of something or someone.	To determine the aptitude, skills or qualifications of someone by subjecting them to an examination.	To interrogate.	To observe or inspect carefully or critically.
examine	noun	An act of examining.
wheel	noun	A Catherine wheel firework.	A bicycle or tricycle.	A circular device capable of rotating on its axis, facilitating movement or transportation or performing labour in machines.	A crown coin.	A dollar.	A maneuver in marching in which the marchers turn in a curving fashion to right or left so that the order of marchers does not change.	A person with a great deal of power or influence; a big wheel.	A potter's wheel.	A recurring or cyclical course of events.	A rolling or revolving body; anything of a circular form; a disk; an orb.	A round portion of cheese.	A spinning wheel.	A steering wheel and its implied control of a vehicle.	A superuser on certain systems.	A turn or revolution; rotation; compass.	A type of algebra where division is always defined, and in particular division by zero is meaningful.	A wheelrim.	The best low hand in Lowball or High-low split poker: either ace-2-3-4-5 or 2-3-4-5-7, depending on the variant.	The breaking wheel, an old instrument of torture.	The instrument attached to the rudder by which a vessel is steered.	The lowest straight in poker: ace-2-3-4-5.	The return to a peculiar rhythm at the end of each stanza.
wheel	verb	To cause to change direction quickly, turn.	To change direction quickly, turn, pivot, whirl, wheel around.	To put into a rotatory motion; to cause to turn or revolve; to make or perform in a circle.	To reload a track; to play a wheel-up.	To ride a bicycle or tricycle.	To roll along on wheels.	To transport something or someone using any wheeled mechanism, such as a wheelchair.	To travel around in large circles, particularly in the air.
kilometer	noun	US spelling of kilometre.
package	noun	A charge made for packing goods.	A football formation.	A group of related stories spread over several pages.	A package holiday.	A piece of software which has been prepared in such a way that it can be installed with a package manager.	Something resembling a package.	Something which consists of various components, such as a piece of computer software.	Something which is packed, a parcel, a box, an envelope.	Synonym of wrap (“complete news report ready for broadcast”).	The act of packing something.	The male genitalia.
package	verb	To pack or bundle something.	To prepare (a book, a television series, etc.), including all stages from research to production, in order to sell the result to a publisher or broadcaster.	To travel on a package holiday.
awful	adj	Awe-inspiring; filling with profound reverence or respect; profoundly impressive.	Causing fear or horror; appalling, terrible.	Exceedingly great; usually applied intensively.	Struck or filled with awe or reverence.	Terror-stricken.	Very bad.
awful	adv	Awfully; dreadfully; terribly.	Very, extremely.
apparently	adv	According to what one can deduce.	According to what the speaker has read or heard.	Plainly; clearly; manifestly; evidently.	Seemingly; in appearance.
useless	adj	Good-for-nothing; not dependable.	Unable to do well at a particular task or thing. Useless is mildly insulting.	Unhelpful, not useful; pointless (of an action).	Without use or possibility to be used.
balance	noun	A device used to regulate the speed of a watch, clock etc.	A list accounting for the debits on one side, and for the credits on the other.	A pair of scales.	A state in which opposing forces harmonise; equilibrium.	Apparent harmony in art (between differing colours, sounds, etc.).	Awareness of both viewpoints or matters; neutrality; rationality; objectivity.	Libra.	Mental equilibrium; mental health; calmness, a state of remaining clear-headed and unperturbed.	Something of equal weight used to provide equilibrium; counterweight.	The overall result of conflicting forces, opinions etc.; the influence which ultimately "weighs" more than others.	The remainder.	The result of such a procedure; the difference between credit and debit of an account.
balance	verb	To be in equilibrium.	To bring (items) to an equipoise, as the scales of a balance by adjusting the weights.	To compare in relative force, importance, value, etc.; to estimate.	To contract, as a sail, into a narrower compass.	To have matching credits and debits.	To hesitate or fluctuate.	To hold (an object or objects) precariously; to support on a narrow base, so as to keep from falling.	To make (concepts) agree.	To make the credits and debits of (an account) correspond.	To move toward, and then back from, reciprocally.	To weigh in a balance.
link	noun	A bond of affinity, or a unit of valence between atoms; applied to a unit of chemical force or attraction.	A connection between places, people, events, things, or ideas.	A sausage that is not a patty.	A space comprising one or more disjoint knots.	A torch, used to light dark streets.	Abbreviation of hyperlink.	An introductory cue.	Any intermediate rod or piece for transmitting force or motion, especially a short connecting rod with a bearing at each end; specifically (in steam engines) the slotted bar, or connecting piece, to the opposite ends of which the eccentric rods are jointed, and by means of which the movement of the valve is varied, in a link motion.	Any one of the several elementary pieces of a mechanism, such as the fixed frame, or a rod, wheel, mass of confined liquid, etc., by which relative motion of other parts is produced and constrained.	Anything doubled and closed like a link of a chain.	One element of a chain or other connected series.	The connection between buses or systems.	The length of one joint of Gunter's chain, being the hundredth part of it, or 7.92 inches, the chain being 66 feet in length.	The windings of a river; the land along a winding stream.	a thin wild bank of land splitting two cultivated patches and often linking two hills.	an individual person or element in a system
link	verb	To combine objects generated by a compiler into a single executable.	To connect (two or more things).	To contain a hyperlink to another page.	To demonstrate a correlation between (two things).	To meet with (someone).	To post a hyperlink to.	To skip or trip along smartly; to go quickly.	To supply (someone) with a hyperlink; to direct by means of a link.
row	noun	A continual loud noise.	A horizontal line of entries in a table, etc., going from left to right, as opposed to a column going from top to bottom.	A line of objects, often regularly spaced, such as seats in a theatre, vegetable plants in a garden, etc.	A noisy argument.	An act or instance of rowing.	Any of several thematically similar exercise movements performed with a pulling motion of the arms towards the back.	Clipping of cornrow.
row	verb	To argue noisily.	To be moved by oars.	To propel (a boat or other craft) over water using oars.	To transport in a boat propelled with oars.
accomplish	verb	To complete, as time or distance.	To equip or furnish thoroughly; hence, to complete in acquirements; to render accomplished; to polish.	To execute fully; to fulfill; to complete successfully.	To fill out a form.	To finish successfully.	To gain; to obtain.
reasonable	adj	Having the faculty of reason; rational, reasoning.	Just; fair; agreeable to reason.	Not excessive or immoderate; within due limits; proper.	Not expensive; fairly priced.	Satisfactory.
depressed	verb	simple past and past participle of depress
depressed	adj	Reduced to a lower degree or form.	Suffering damaging effects of economic recession.	Suffering from clinical depression.	Unhappy; despondent.
financial	adj	Having dues and fees paid up to date for a club or society.	Related to finances.
command	noun	A body or troops, or any naval or military force, under the control of a particular officer; by extension, any object or body in someone's charge.	A command performance.	A directive to a computer program acting as an interpreter of some kind, in order to perform a specific task.	A position of chief authority; a position involving the right or power to order or control.	An order to do something.	Dominating situation; range or control or oversight; extent of view or outlook.	The act of commanding; exercise or authority of influence.	The degree of control a pitcher has over his pitches.	The right or authority to order, control or dispose of; the right to be obeyed or to compel obedience.	power of control, direction or disposal; mastery.
command	verb	To direct to come; to bestow.	To exact, compel or secure by influence; to deserve, claim.	To have a view (of), as from a superior position.	To have or exercise supreme power, control or authority over, especially military; to have under direction or control.	To hold, to control the use of.	To order, give orders; to compel or direct with authority.	To require with authority; to demand, order, enjoin.	to dominate through ability, resources, position etc.; to overlook.
ceremony	noun	A formal socially established behaviour, often in relation to people of different ranks; formality.	A ritual, with religious or cultural significance.	An accessory or object associated with a ritual.	An official gathering to celebrate, commemorate, or otherwise mark some event.	An omen or portent.	Show of magnificence, display, ostentation.
presence	noun	A company's business activity in a particular market.	A quality of poise and effectiveness that enables a performer to achieve a close relationship with their audience.	A quality that sets an individual out from others; a quality that makes them noticed and/or admired even if they are not speaking or performing.	An assembly of great persons.	Something (as a spirit) felt or believed to be present.	Synonym of room tone.	The fact or condition of being present, or of being within sight or call, or at hand.	The part of space within one's immediate vicinity.	The state of being closely focused on the here and now, not distracted by irrelevant thoughts.
presence	verb	To make or become present.
fold	verb	Of a company, to cease to trade.	To become folded; to form folds.	To bend (any thin material, such as paper) over so that it comes in contact with itself.	To confine (animals) in a fold, to pen in.	To cover up, to conceal.	To double or lay together (one’s arms, hands, wings, etc.) so as to overlap with each other.	To draw or coil (one’s arms, a snake’s body, etc.) around something so as to enclose or embrace it.	To enclose in a fold of material, to swathe, wrap up, cover, enwrap.	To enclose within folded arms, to clasp, to embrace (see also enfold).	To ensnare, to capture.	To fail, to collapse, to disband.	To fall over; to collapse or give way; to be crushed.	To give way on a point or in an argument.	To include in a spiritual ‘flock’ or group of the saved, etc.	To make the proper arrangement (in a thin material) by bending.	To place sheep on (a piece of land) in order to manure it.	To plait or mat (hair) together.	To split (a line of text) across multiple lines, to obey line length limitations.	To stir (semisolid ingredients) gently, with an action as if folding over a solid.	To withdraw from betting.	To withdraw or quit in general.
fold	noun	A bend or crease.	A church congregation, a group of people who adhere to a common faith and habitually attend a given church; also, the Christian church as a whole, the flock of Christ.	A clasp, embrace.	A coil of a snake’s body.	A gentle curve of the ground; gentle hill or valley.	A group of people with shared ideas or goals or who live or work together.	A group of sheep or goats, particularly those kept in a given enclosure.	A layer, typically of folded or wrapped cloth.	A pen or enclosure for sheep or other domestic animals.	A section of source code that can be collapsed out of view in an editor to aid readability.	A wrapping or covering.	An act of folding.	An enclosure or dwelling generally.	Any correct move in origami.	Any enclosed piece of land belonging to a farm or mill; yard, farmyard.	Any of a family of higher-order functions that process a data structure recursively to build up a value.	Home, family.	One individual part of something described as manifold, twofold, fourfold, etc.	One of the doorleaves of a folding door.	That which is folded together, or which enfolds or envelops.	The Earth; earth; land, country.	The bending or curving of one or a stack of originally flat and planar surfaces, such as sedimentary strata, as a result of plastic (i.e. permanent) deformation.	The division between the part of a web page visible in a web browser window without scrolling; usually the fold.	The division between the top and bottom halves of a broadsheet: headlines above the fold will be readable in a newsstand display; usually the fold.
tiger	noun	A Tasmanian tiger, †Thylacinus cynocephalus.	A ferocious, bloodthirsty and audacious person.	A final shouted phrase, accompanied by a jump or outstretched arms, at the end of a cheer.	A jaguar.	A leopard.	A male tiger; as opposed to a tigress.	A person who is very athletic during sexual intercourse.	A pneumatic box or pan used in refining sugar.	A relatively small country or group of countries with a fast-growing economy.	A representation of a large mythological cat, used on a coat of arms.	A sabre-toothed tiger (any felid in subfamily †Machairodontinae).	A servant in livery, who rides with his master or mistress.	A tiger beetle.	A tiger butterfly in tribe Danaini, especially subtribe Danaina.	A tiger moth in the family Arctiidae.	Any of the three Australian species of black-and-yellow striped dragonflies of the genus Ictinogomphus.	Certain insects:	Certain other animals that resemble true tigers in appearance, pattern, colouration, etc.	Panthera tigris, a large predatory mammal of the cat family, indigenous to Asia.
squirrel	noun	A person, usually a freezoner, who applies L. Ron Hubbard's technology in a heterodox manner.	Any rodent of the family Sciuridae, distinguished typically by a large bushy tail.	One of the small rollers of a carding machine which work with the large cylinder.	Someone who displays squirrel-like qualities such as stealing or hoarding objects.
squirrel	verb	To store in a secretive manner, to hide something for future use
someday	adv	Sometime; at some unspecified time in the future.
1	symbol	Abbreviation of one-shot or one-shotted.	Deliberate misspelling of !, imitating someone who is too excited to consistently press the shift key while typing exclamation marks.
1	noun	Clipping of 180 (“180° spin”).
narrow	adj	Contracted; of limited scope; bigoted	Formed (as a vowel) by a close position of some part of the tongue in relation to the palate; or (according to Bell) by a tense condition of the pharynx; distinguished from wide.	Having a small margin or degree.	Having a small width; not wide; having opposite edges or sides that are close, especially by comparison to length or depth.	Limited as to means; straitened	Of little extent; very limited; circumscribed.	Of or supporting only those text characters that can fit into the traditional 8-bit representation.	Parsimonious; niggardly; covetous; selfish.	Restrictive; without flexibility or latitude.	Scrutinizing in detail; close; accurate; exact.
narrow	noun	A narrow passage, especially a contracted part of a stream, lake, or sea; a strait connecting two bodies of water.
narrow	verb	To contract the size of, as a stocking, by taking two stitches into one.	To convert to a data type that cannot hold as many distinct values.	To get narrower.	To partially lower one's eyelids in a way usually taken to suggest a defensive, aggressive or penetrating look.	To reduce in width or extent; to contract.
slight	adj	Bad, of poor quality.	Even, smooth or level.	Foolish; silly; not intellectual.	Gentle or weak, not aggressive or powerful.	Not far away in space or time.	Not thorough; superficial.	Of slender build.	Slighting; treating with disdain.	Small.	Still; with little or no movement on the surface.	Trifling; unimportant; insignificant.
slight	verb	To act negligently or carelessly.	To give lesser weight or importance to.	To make even or level.	To render no longer defensible by full or partial demolition.	To throw heedlessly.	To treat (someone or something) with disdain or neglect, usually out of prejudice, hatred, or jealousy; to ignore disrespectfully; to skimp on one's duties toward.	To treat as unimportant or not worthy of attention; to make light of.
slight	noun	Sleight.	The act of ignoring or snubbing; a deliberate act of neglect or discourtesy.
organize	verb	To arrange in working order.	To band together into a group or union that can bargain and act collectively; to unionize.	To constitute in parts, each having a special function, act, office, or relation; to systematize.	To furnish with organs; to give an organic structure to; to endow with capacity for the functions of life	To sing in parts.
disturb	verb	to confuse a quiet, constant state or a calm, continuous flow, in particular: thoughts, actions or liquids.	to divert, redirect, or alter by disturbing.	to have a negative emotional impact; to cause emotional distress or confusion.
disturb	noun	disturbance
despite	prep	In spite of, notwithstanding.
despite	noun	Action or behaviour displaying such feelings; an outrage, insult.	Disdain, contemptuous feelings, hatred.	Evil feeling; malice, spite, annoyance.
despite	verb	To vex; to annoy; to offend contemptuously.
hi	intj	A friendly, informal, casual greeting said upon someone's arrival.	An exclamation to call attention.	Expressing wonder or derision.
hi	noun	The word "hi" used as a greeting.
hi	adj	Informal spelling of high, often in hyphenated terms.
professional	noun	A person who belongs to a profession.	A person who earns their living from a specified activity.	A prostitute.	A reputation known by name.	An expert.	One of four categories of sociologist propounded by Horowitz: a sociologist who is actively concerned with promoting the profession of sociology.
professional	adj	Expert.	Of, pertaining to, or in accordance with the (usually high) standards of a profession.	That is carried out for money, especially as a livelihood.
blanket	noun	A covering layer of anything.	A heavy, loosely woven fabric, usually large and woollen, used for warmth while sleeping or resting.	A streak or layer of blubber in whales.	A thick rubber mat used in the offset printing process to transfer ink from the plate to the paper being printed.
blanket	adj	General; covering or encompassing everything.
blanket	verb	Of a radio signal: to override or block out another radio signal.	To cover with, or as if with, a blanket.	To nullify the impact of (someone or something).	To take the wind out of the sails of (another vessel) by sailing to windward of it.	To toss in a blanket by way of punishment.	To traverse or complete thoroughly.
warning	verb	present participle of warn
warning	noun	Something spoken or written that is intended to warn.	The action of the verb warn; an instance of warning someone.
warning	intj	Used to warn of danger in signs and notices.
principle	noun	A beginning.	A chemical compound within plant or animal tissue that is characteristic of it and more or less peculiar to it, such that it defines the character of that tissue from a human viewpoint (as for example nicotine in tobacco).	A fundamental assumption or guiding belief.	A fundamental essence, particularly one producing a given quality.	A rule or law of nature, or the basic idea on how the laws of nature are applied.	A rule used to choose among solutions to a problem.	A source, or origin; that from which anything proceeds; fundamental substance or energy; primordial substance; ultimate element, or cause.	An original faculty or endowment.	Misspelling of principal.	Moral rule or aspect.
principle	verb	To equip with principles; to establish, or fix, in certain principles; to impress with any tenet or rule of conduct.
consequence	noun	An effect; something that follows a cause as a result.	An unwanted or unpleasant effect.	Importance, influence, or significance.	conclusion, deduction or inference; the thing concluded.	consecution; chain of causes and effects.
consequence	verb	To threaten or punish (a child, etc.) with specific consequences for misbehaviour.
noisy	adj	Accompanied by or introducing random fluctuations that obscure the real signal or data	Full of noise.	Making a noise, especially a loud unpleasant sound	Unpleasant-looking and causing unwanted attention
forty	num	The cardinal number occurring after thirty-nine and before forty-one, represented in Roman numerals as XL and in Arabic numerals as 40.
forty	noun	A bottle (of beer) containing forty fluid ounces.
forty	adj	Resembling or characteristic of a fort.
envelope	noun	A bag containing the lifting gas of a balloon or airship; fabric that encloses the gas-bags of an airship.	A curve that bounds another curve or set of curves, as the modulation envelope of an amplitude-modulated carrier wave in electronics.	A mathematical curve, surface, or higher-dimensional object that is the tangent to a given family of lines, curves, surfaces, or higher-dimensional objects.	A paper or cardboard wrapper used to enclose small, flat items, especially letters, for mailing.	An earthwork in the form of a single parapet or a small rampart, sometimes raised in the ditch and sometimes beyond it.	An enclosing structure or cover, such as a membrane; a space between two membranes	Something that envelops; a wrapping.	The information used for routing a message that is transmitted with the message but not part of its contents.	The nebulous covering of the head or nucleus of a comet; a coma.	The set of limitations within which a technological system can perform safely and effectively.	The shape of a sound, which may be controlled by a synthesizer or sampler.
envelope	verb	Archaic form of envelop.	To put (something) in an envelope.
movement	noun	A large division of a larger composition.	A pattern in which pairs change opponents and boards move from table to table in duplicate bridge.	A system or mechanism for transmitting motion of a definite character, or for transforming motion, such as the wheelwork of a watch.	A trend in various fields or social categories, a group of people with a common ideology who try together to achieve certain general goals.	An instance of an aircraft taking off or landing.	Ellipsis of bowel movement (“an act of emptying the bowels”).	Melodic progression, accentual character, tempo or pace.	Motion of the mind or feelings; emotion.	Physical motion between points in space.	The deviation of a pitch from ballistic flight.	The impression of motion in an artwork, painting, novel etc.
essential	adj	Being in the basic form; showing its essence.	Having the nature of essence; not physical.	Idiopathic.	Necessary for survival but not synthesized by the organism, thus needing to be ingested.	Necessary.	Really existing; existent.	Such that each complementary region is irreducible, the boundary of each complementary region is incompressible by disks and monogons in the complementary region, and no leaf is a sphere or a torus bounding a solid torus in the manifold.	Very important; of high importance.
essential	noun	A fundamental ingredient.	A necessary ingredient.
sword	noun	A card of this suit.	A long bladed weapon with a grip and typically a pommel and crossguard (together forming a hilt), which is designed to cut, stab, slash and/or hack.	A suit in certain playing card decks, particularly those used in Spain and Italy, or those used for divination.	One of the end bars by which the lay of a hand loom is suspended.
sword	verb	To stab or cut with a sword
standard	adj	As normally supplied (not optional).	Conforming to the standard variety.	Falling within an accepted range of size, amount, power, quality, etc.	Growing alone as a free-standing plant; not trained on a post etc.	Having a manual transmission.	Having recognized excellence or authority.	Of a usable or serviceable grade or quality.
standard	noun	A bottle of wine containing 0.750 liters of fluid.	A collar of mail protecting the neck.	A large drinking cup.	A level of quality or attainment.	A manual transmission vehicle.	A measure for timber.	A musical work of established popularity.	A principle or example or measure used for comparison.	A rule or set of rules or requirements which are widely agreed upon or imposed by government.	A sturdy, woody plant whose upright stem is used to graft a less hardy ornamental flowering plant on, rather then actually planting it.	A tree of natural size supported by its own stem, and not dwarfed by grafting on the stock of a smaller species nor trained upon a wall or trellis.	A vertical pole with something at its apex.	An inverted knee timber placed upon the deck instead of beneath it, with its vertical branch turned upward from that which lies horizontally.	An object supported in an upright position, such as a lamp standard.	Any upright support, such as one of the poles of a scaffold.	Ellipsis of standard poodle.	Grade level in primary education.	One of the upright members that supports the horizontal axis of a transit or theodolite.	Something used as a measure for comparative evaluations; a model.	The flag or ensign carried by a military unit.	The proportion of weights of fine metal and alloy established for coinage.	The sheth of a plough.	The upper petal or banner of a papilionaceous corolla.	a cairn or tumulus	a hill with a cairn or tumulus at its summit	standard idiom, a prestigious or standardized language variety; standard language
standard	intj	An expression of agreement.
sand	noun	"sand in [someone's] eyes" (idiom)	A beach or other mass of sand.	A light beige colour, like that of typical sand.	A moment or interval of time; the term or extent of one's life (referring to the sand in an hourglass).	A particle from 62.5 microns to 2 mm in diameter, following the Wentworth scale.	A single grain of sand.	A specific grade, type, or composition of sand.	An excuse for tears.	Dried mucus in the eye's inner corner, perhaps left from sleep (sleepy sand).	Ellipsis of sandpiper.	Personal courage.	Rock that is ground more finely than gravel, but is not as fine as silt (more formally, see grain sizes chart), forming beaches and deserts and also used in construction.
sand	adj	Of a light beige colour, like that of typical sand.
sand	verb	To abrade the surface of (something) with sand or sandpaper in order to smooth or clean it.	To blot ink using sand.	To cover with sand.
closet	noun	A compendium of knowledge, possibly from closet as a room?	A pew or side-chapel reserved for a monarch or other feudal lord.	A place of (usually, fanciful) contemplation and theorizing.	A private cabinet, (particularly):	A private room used by women to groom and dress themselves.	A private room used for prayer or other devotions.	A secret or hiding place, (particularly) the hiding place in English idioms such as in the closet and skeleton in the closet.	A sewer.	A small room within a house used to store clothing, food, or other household supplies.	A state or condition of secrecy, privacy, or obscurity.	An ordinary similar to a bar but half as broad.	Any private or inner room, (particularly)	Any private or inner room, (particularly):	Any private space, (particularly) bowers in the open air.	Any small room or side room.	Clipping of closet case.	Clipping of closet of ease, (later, UK) clipping of water closet: a room containing a toilet.	One intended for storing clothes or bedclothes.	One used to store curiosities.	One used to store valuables.	The private residence or private council chamber of a monarch.	The state of having one's sexual orientation a secret.
closet	adj	Closeted, secret (especially with reference to gay people who are in the closet).	Denoting anything kept a secret or private.	Private.
closet	verb	To put into a private place for a secret interview or interrogation.	To shut away for private discussion.	To shut up in, or as in, a closet for concealment or confinement.
throughout	prep	Completely through, right the way through.	In every part of; all through.
throughout	adv	During an entire period of time, the whole time.	In every part; everywhere.	Of an ordinary such as a pile or chevron, or a partition per chevron, etc: extending to the edge of the field (or quarter, chief, etc).
protest	verb	To affirm (something).	To call as a witness in affirming or denying, or to prove an affirmation; to appeal to.	To make a strong objection.	To object to.	To publicly demonstrate against.	To publish; to make known.	to make a solemn written declaration, in due form, on behalf of the holder, against all parties liable for any loss or damage to be sustained by non-acceptance or non-payment of (a bill or note). This should be made by a notary public, whose seal it is the usual practice to affix.
protest	noun	A collective gesture of disapproval; a demonstration.	A formal objection, especially one by a group.	A written declaration, usually by the master of a ship, stating the circumstances attending loss or damage of ship or cargo, etc.	The noting by a notary public of an unpaid or unaccepted bill.
yard	noun	100 dollars.	10⁹, A short scale billion; a long scale thousand millions or milliard.	A branch, twig, or shoot.	A long tapered timber hung on a mast to which is bent a sail, and may be further qualified as a square, lateen, or lug yard. The first is hung at right angles to the mast, the latter two hang obliquely.	A penis.	A place where moose or deer herd together in winter for pasture, protection, etc.	A small, usually uncultivated area adjoining or (now especially) within the precincts of a house or other building.	A staff, rod, or stick.	A unit of length equal to 3 feet in the US customary and British imperial systems of measurement, equal to precisely 0.9144 m since 1959 (US) or 1963 (UK).	An enclosed area designated for a specific purpose, e.g. on farms, railways etc.	Any spar carried aloft.	Ellipsis of cubic yard, a unit of volume; common in mining and earthmoving.	Ellipsis of square yard, a unit of area; common with textiles.	One’s house or home.	The property surrounding one's house, typically dominated by one's lawn.	The rod, a surveying unit of (once) 15 or (now) 16+¹⁄₂ feet.	The rood, area bound by a square rod, ¹⁄₄ acre.	The yardland, an obsolete English unit of land roughly understood as 30 acres.	Units of similar composition or length in other systems.
yard	verb	To confine to a yard.	To move a yard at a time, as opposed to inching along.
monkey	noun	A black person.	A dance popularized by Major Lance in 1963, now usually only its upper-body dance move involving exaggerated drumming motions.	A drug habit; an addiction; a compulsion.	A fluid consisting of hydrochloric acid and zinc, used in the process of soldering.	A human considered to resemble monkeys in some way, including:	A member of the clade Simiiformes other than those in the clade Hominoidea containing apes, generally (but not universally) distinguished by small size, tails, and cheek pouches.	A menial employee who does a repetitive job supposedly requiring minimal intelligence.	A naughty or mischievous person, especially a child.	A penis.	A person's temper, said to be "up" when they are angry.	A small trading vessel of the sixteenth century.	Any simian including humans.	Any simian primate other than hominids, any monkey or ape.	Synonym of face card.	Synonym of five hundred, especially (British) 500 pounds sterling or (US, dated) 500 dollars.	Synonym of idiot: a person of minimal intelligence.	Synonym of puppet: a person dancing to another's tune, a person controlled or directed by another.	Synonym of uggo: an unattractive person, especially one whose face supposedly resembles a monkey's.	The person in the motorcycle sidecar in sidecar racing.	The vessel in which a mess receives its full allowance of grog.	The weight of a pile driver or drop hammer.
monkey	verb	To meddle; to mess (with).	To mimic; to ape.
wisdom	noun	A group of owls.	A group of wombats.	A piece of wise advice.	An element of personal character that enables one to distinguish the wise from the unwise.	Ellipsis of wisdom tooth.	The ability to apply relevant knowledge in an insightful way, especially to different situations from that in which the knowledge was gained.	The ability to know and apply spiritual truths.	The ability to make a decision based on the combination of knowledge, experience, and intuitive understanding.	The discretionary use of knowledge for the greatest good.
thirteen	num	The cardinal number occurring after twelve and before fourteen: ten and three.
White	name	A city in South Dakota; named for its first European settler.	A common British and Irish surname transferred from the nickname.	A ghost town in Missouri; named for a local mining official.	A locale in the United States:	A minor city in Bartow County, Georgia; named for its first postmaster.	An unincorporated community in Washington; named for a Washington state judge.
White	adj	Alternative letter-case form of white (“of or relating to white complexion or Europeans”).
White	noun	Alternative letter-case form of white (“European”).	An anticommunist who fought against the Reds during the Russian Civil War; the term is mostly associated with monarchist forces.
typhoon	noun	A weather phenomenon in the northwestern Pacific that is precisely equivalent to a hurricane except for geographical region, typically resulting in wind speeds of 64 knots (118 km/h) or above. Equivalent to a cyclone in the Indian Ocean and Indonesia/Australia.
typhoon	verb	To swirl like a hurricane.
democracy	noun	A government under the direct or representative rule of the people of its jurisdiction.	A state with a democratic system of government.	Belief in political freedom and equality; the "spirit of democracy".	Rule by the people, especially as a form of government; either directly or through elected representatives (representative democracy).
bend	verb	To adapt or interpret to for a purpose or beneficiary.	To apply oneself to a task or purpose.	To apply to a task or purpose.	To be inclined; to direct itself.	To become curved.	To bow in prayer, or in token of submission.	To cause (something) to change its shape into a curve, by physical force, chemical action, or any other means.	To cause to change direction.	To change direction.	To force to submit.	To smoothly change the pitch of a note.	To stoop.	To submit.	To swing the body when rowing.	To tie, as in securing a line to a cleat; to shackle a chain to an anchor; make fast.
bend	noun	A curve.	A glissando, or glide between one pitch and another.	A severe condition caused by excessively quick decompression, causing bubbles of nitrogen to form in the blood; decompression sickness.	Any of the various knots which join the ends of two lines.	Hard, indurated clay; bind.	In the leather trade, the best quality of sole leather; a butt; sometimes, half a butt cut lengthwise.	One of the honourable ordinaries formed by two diagonal lines drawn from the dexter chief to the sinister base; it generally occupies a fifth part of the shield if uncharged, but if charged one third.	The frames or ribs that form the ship's body from the keel to the top of the sides.	The thickest and strongest planks in a ship's sides, more generally called wales, which have the beams, knees, and futtocks bolted to them.	Turn; purpose; inclination; ends.
victory	noun	Alternative letter-case form of Victory (“(uncountable) the Roman goddess of victory, the counterpart of the Greek goddess Nike; also (countable), an artistic depiction of her, chiefly as a winged woman”).	The condition or state of having won a battle or competition, or having succeeded in an effort; (countable) an instance of this.
victory	intj	Used to encourage someone to achieve success, or to celebrate a success or triumph.
victory	verb	To defeat or triumph over (someone or something).
flow	noun	A bog or mire, especially a rough, waterlogged one.	A flow pipe, carrying liquid away from a boiler or other central plant (compare with return pipe which returns fluid to central plant).	A formalization of the idea of the motion of particles in a fluid, as a group action of the real numbers on a set.	A mental state characterized by concentration, focus and enjoyment of a given task.	Movement in people or things characterized with a continuous motion, involving either a non solid mass or a multitude.	Smoothness or continuity.	The ability to skilfully rap along to a beat.	The amount of a fluid that moves or the rate of fluid movement.	The emission of blood during menstruation.	The movement of a real or figurative fluid.	The rising movement of the tide.	The sequence of steps taken in a piece of software to perform some action.
flow	verb	To allow (a liquid) to flow.	To arrange (text in a wordprocessor, etc.) so that it wraps neatly into a designated space; to reflow.	To cover with varnish.	To cover with water or other liquid; to overflow; to inundate; to flood.	To discharge excessive blood from the uterus.	To hang loosely and wave.	To have or be in abundance; to abound, so as to run or flow over.	To move as a fluid from one position to another.	To move or match smoothly, gracefully, or continuously.	To proceed; to issue forth; to emanate.	To rise, as the tide; opposed to ebb.
photograph	noun	A picture created by projecting an image onto a photosensitive surface such as a chemically treated plate or film, CCD receptor, etc.
photograph	verb	To appear in a photograph.	To fix permanently in the memory etc.	To take a photograph (of).
connect	verb	To arrive at an intended target; to land.	To associate; to establish a relation between.	To join (to another object): to attach, or to be intended to attach or capable of attaching, to another object.	To join (two other objects), or to join (one object) to (another object): to be a link between two objects, thereby attaching them to each other.	To join (two other objects), or to join (one object) to (another object): to take one object and attach it to another.	To join an electrical or telephone line to a circuit or network.	To join: to attach, or to be intended to attach or capable of attaching, to each other.	To make a travel connection; to switch from one means of transport to another as part of the same trip.
connect	noun	A drug dealer.	A useful friend or associate.	Clipping of connection.
skip	verb	Not to attend (some event, especially a class or a meeting).	To cause the stylus to jump back to the previous loop of the record's groove, continously repeating that part of the sound, as a result of excessive scratching or wear. (of a phonograph record)	To disregard, miss or omit part of a continuation (some item or stage).	To have insufficient ink transfer.	To jump rope.	To leap about lightly.	To leap lightly over.	To leave, especially in a sudden and covert manner.	To move by hopping on alternate feet.	To pass by a stitch as if it were not there, continuing with the next stitch.	To place an item in a skip (etymology 2, sense 1).	To skim, ricochet or bounce over a surface.	To throw (something), making it skim, ricochet, or bounce over a surface.
skip	noun	A beehive made of woven straw, wicker, etc.	A charge of syrup in the pans.	A college servant.	A large container for waste, designed to be lifted onto the back of a truck to remove it along with its contents, or to be picked up by hydraulic arms so that its contents can be dumped into the truck.	A leaping or jumping movement; the action of one who skips.	A passage from one sound to another by more than a degree at once.	A person who attempts to disappear so as not to be found.	A skep, or basket, such as a creel or a handbasket.	A skip car.	A skip-level manager; the boss of one's boss.	A skipper; the master or captain of a ship, or other person in authority.	A song, typically one on an album, that is not worth listening to.	A transportation container in a mine, usually for ore or mullock.	A trick allowing the player to proceed to a later section of the game without playing through a section that was intended to be mandatory.	A wheeled basket chiefly used in textile factories.	An Australian of Anglo-Celtic descent.	The act of passing over an interval from one thing to another; an omission of a part.	The captain of a bowls team, who directs the team's tactics and rolls the side's last wood, so as to be able to retrieve a difficult situation if necessary.	The captain of a sports team.	The player who calls the shots and traditionally throws the last two rocks.	The scoutmaster of a troop of scouts (youth organization) and their form of address to him.	skywave propagation
poison	noun	A substance that is harmful or lethal to a living organism when ingested.	An alcoholic drink. (Mainly in the phrases "name your poison" and "what's your poison?")	Any substance that inhibits catalytic activity.	Anything harmful to a person or thing.
poison	verb	To cause (someone) to hate or to have unfair negative opinions.	To cause to become much worse.	To inhibit the catalytic activity of.	To place false or malicious data into (a cache, etc.) as part of an exploit.	To pollute; to cause to become poisonous.	To use poison to kill or paralyse (somebody).
annoy	verb	To disturb or irritate, especially by continued or repeated acts; to bother with unpleasant deeds.	To do something to upset or anger someone; to be troublesome.	To molest; to harm; to injure.
annoy	noun	A feeling of discomfort or vexation caused by what one dislikes.	That which causes such a feeling.
scholar	noun	A learned person; a bookman.	A specialist in a particular branch of knowledge.	A student; one who studies at school or college, typically having a scholarship.	Someone who received a prestigious scholarship.
plain	adj	Clear; unencumbered; equal; fair.	Containing no extended or nonprinting characters (especially in plain text).	Downright; total, unmistakable (as intensifier).	Evident to one's senses or reason; manifest, clear, unmistakable.	Flat, level.	Full, complete in number or extent.	Having only few ingredients, or no additional ingredients or seasonings; not elaborate, without toppings or extras.	Honest and without deception; candid, open; blunt.	Not a trump.	Not unusually beautiful; unattractive.	Obvious.	Of just one colour; lacking a pattern.	Open.	Ordinary; lacking adornment or ornamentation; unembellished.	Simple in habits or qualities; unsophisticated, not exceptional, ordinary.	Simple, unaltered.
plain	adv	Plainly; distinctly.	Simply.
plain	noun	A broad, flat expanse in general, as of water.	A lamentation.	Alternative spelling of plane: a flat geometric field.	An expanse of land with relatively low relief and few trees, especially a grassy expanse.	Synonym of field in reference to a battlefield.
plain	verb	To complain.	To lament, bewail.	To level; to raze; to make plain or even on the surface.	To make plain or manifest; to explain.
scold	noun	A person who habitually scolds, in particular a troublesome and angry woman.
scold	verb	Misconstruction of scald.	Of birds, to make harsh vocalisations in aggression.	Of birds, to make vocalisations that resemble human scolding.	To rebuke angrily.
dust	noun	A cloud of dust.	A fight or row.	A low or mean condition.	A single fine, dry particle of earth or other material; grain of dust.	A totally disconnected set of points with a fractal structure.	A tumult, disturbance, commotion, uproar.	Any substance reduced to fine particles; powder.	Disintegration of a solid, like silica.	Earth, ground, soil, sediment.	Fine particles.	Fine, dry particles of matter found in the air and covering the surface of objects, typically consisting of soil lifted up by the wind, pollen, hair, etc.	Flour.	Rubbish, garbage, refuse.	Something worthless.	Submicron particles in outer space, largely silicates and carbon compounds, that contribute greatly to extinction at visible wavelengths.	The act of cleaning by dusting.	The act of sprinkling dust, or a sprinkle of dust itself.	The earth as the resting place of the dead.	The earthy remains of bodies once alive; the remains of the human body.	The substance of the human body or mortal frame.	Tiny amounts of cryptocurrency left over after a transaction due to rounding error.	cash; money (in reference to gold dust).
dust	verb	Of a bird, to cover itself in sand or dry, dusty earth.	To attempt to identify the owner of (a cryptocurrency wallet) by sending tiny amounts of cryptocurrency.	To defeat badly, to thrash.	To deliberately pitch a ball close to (a batter); to brush back.	To drink up quickly; to toss off.	To kill.	To leave quickly; to rush off.	To make dusty, to soil with dust.	To reduce to a fine powder; to pulverize, to levigate.	To remove dust from.	To remove dust; to clean by removing dust.	To spray or cover (something) with fine powder or liquid, to sprinkle.	To sprinkle (a substance) in the form of dust.	To strike, beat, thrash.
development	noun	A project consisting of one or more commercial or residential buildings.	Something which has developed.	The active placement of the pieces, or the process of achieving it.	The application of new ideas to practical problems (cf. research).	The building of such a project.	The expression of a function in the form of a series.	The process by in which previous material is transformed and restated.	The process by which a mature multicellular organism or part of an organism is produced by the addition of new cells.	The process of developing; growth, directed change.	The processing of photographic film so as to bring out the images latent in it.	The second section of a piece of music in sonata form, in which the original theme is revisited in altered and varying form.
chase	noun	A children's game where one player chases another.	A division of the floor of a gallery, marked by a figure or otherwise; the spot where a ball falls, and between which and the dedans the adversary must drive the ball in order to gain a point.	A groove cut in an object; a slot: the chase for the quarrel on a crossbow.	A hunt; the act of hunting; the pursuit of game.	A kind of joint by which an overlap joint is changed to a flush joint by means of a gradually deepening rabbet, as at the ends of clinker-built boats.	A large country estate where game may be shot or hunted.	A rectangular steel or iron frame into which pages or columns of type are locked for printing or plate-making.	A series of brief improvised jazz solos by a number of musicians taking turns.	A trench or channel or other encasement structure for encasing (archaically spelled enchasing) drainpipes or wiring; a hollow space in the wall of a building encasing ventilation ducts, chimney flues, wires, cables or plumbing.	A wild animal that is hunted.	Any of the guns that fire directly ahead or astern; either a bow chase or stern chase.	Anything being chased, especially a vessel in time of war.	One or more riders who are ahead of the peloton and trying to join the race or stage leaders.	The act of one who chases another; a pursuit.	The cavity of a mold.	The occurrence of a second bounce by the ball in certain areas of the court, giving the server the chance, later in the game, to "play off" the chase from the receiving end and possibly win the point.	The part of a gun in front of the trunnions.
chase	verb	To attempt to win by scoring the required number of runs in the final innings.	To consume another beverage immediately after drinking hard liquor, typically something better tasting or less harsh such as soda or beer; to use a drink as a chaser.	To cut (the thread of a screw).	To decorate (metal) by engraving or embossing.	To follow at speed.	To groove; indent.	To hunt.	To persistently pursue someone as a sexual or romantic partner.	To place piping or wiring in a groove encased within a wall or floor, or in a hidden space encased by a wall.	To produce enough offense to cause the pitcher to be removed.	To pursue a vessel in order to destroy, capture or interrogate her.	To pursue.	To seek to attain.	To swing at a pitch outside of the strike zone, typically an outside pitch.
diamond	noun	A card of the diamonds suit.	A diamond ring.	A gemstone made from this mineral.	A glimmering glass-like mineral that is an allotrope of carbon in which each atom is surrounded by four others in the form of a tetrahedron.	A rhombus, especially when oriented so that its longer axis is vertical.	A town square.	A very pale blue color.	Sable, when blazoning by precious stones.	Something that resembles a diamond.	The entire field of play used in the game.	The infield of a baseball field.	The polyiamond made up of two triangles.	The size of type between brilliant and pearl, standardized as 4+¹⁄₂-point.
diamond	adj	First-rate; excellent.	Made of, or containing diamond, a diamond or diamonds.	Of, relating to, or being a seventy-fifth anniversary.	Of, relating to, or being a sixtieth anniversary.
diamond	verb	To adorn with or as if with diamonds.
purse	noun	A handbag (small bag usually used by women for carrying various small personal items)	A quantity of money given for a particular purpose.	A small bag for carrying money.	A specific sum of money in certain countries: formerly 500 piastres in Turkey or 50 tomans in Persia.
purse	verb	To draw up or contract into folds or wrinkles; to pucker; to knit.	To press (one's lips) in and together so that they protrude.	To put into a purse.	To steal purses; to rob.
nuclear	adj	Having nuclear weapons.	Involving an extreme course of action, or one with severe consequences.	Involving energy released by nuclear reactions (fission, fusion, radioactive decay).	Pertaining to a centre around which something is developed or organised; central, pivotal.	Pertaining to the nucleus of a cell.	Pertaining to the nucleus of an atom.	Relating to a weapon that derives its force from rapid release of energy through nuclear reactions.	Relating to, being of, or comprising the nuclear family.
nuclear	noun	Nuclear power.	Nuclear weapon
carpet	noun	A fabric used as a complete floor covering.	A woman's pubic hair.	A wrought cover for tables.	Any of a number of moths in the geometrid subfamily Larentiinae	Any surface or cover resembling a carpet or fulfilling its function.
carpet	verb	To lay carpet, or to have carpet installed, in an area.	To reprimand.	To substantially cover something, as a carpet does; to blanket something.
desperate	adj	Being filled with, or in a state of, despair; hopeless.	Beyond hope, leaving little reason for hope; causing despair; extremely perilous.	Extremely bad; outrageous, shocking; intolerable.	In dire need (of something); having a dire need or desire.	Intense; extremely intense.	Involving or employing extreme measures, without regard to danger or safety; reckless due to hopelessness.
desperate	noun	A person in desperate circumstances or who is at the point of desperation, such as a down-and-outer, addict, etc.
Columbus	name	A city, the county seat of Bartholomew County, Indiana.	A city, the county seat of Cherokee County, Kansas.	A city, the county seat of Lowndes County, Mississippi.	A city, the county seat of Muscogee County, Georgia, with which it is consolidated.	A city, the county seat of Platte County, Nebraska.	A male given name from Latin.	A number of townships, in Illinois, Indiana, Michigan (2), Nebraska and Pennsylvania, listed under Columbus Township.	A small city in Anoka County, Minnesota, previously a township.	A small city in Columbia County and Dodge County, Wisconsin.	A small city, the county seat of Colorado County, Texas.	A surname.	A tiny city in Burke County, North Dakota.	A tiny home rule city in Hickman County, Kentucky.	A town in Chenango County, New York.	A town in Columbia County, Wisconsin.	A town, the county seat of Polk County, North Carolina.	A town, the county seat of Stillwater County, Montana.	A village in Adams County, Illinois.	A village in Luna County, New Mexico.	An unincorporated community and inactive township in Johnson County, Missouri.	An unincorporated community in Burlington County, New Jersey.	Any of various cities, towns and villages in the United States:	Christopher Columbus (1451?–1506), Italian explorer of the Americas.	The capital city of Ohio, and the county seat of Franklin County.
Columbus	noun	A person who makes a great discovery.
Columbus	verb	To appropriate; to lay claim to something, especially a discovery, which is perceived as belonging to someone else.	To explore; to go around exploring, to go around as an explorer.
battery	noun	A coordinated group of artillery weapons, with any of various numbers of guns.	A device used to power electric devices, consisting of one or more electrically connected electrochemical cells or (archaically) electrostatic cells.	A marching percussion ensemble; the section of the drumline that marches on the field during a performance.	A set of small cages where hens are kept for the purpose of farming their eggs.	An array of similar things.	An elevated platform on which cannon could be placed.	Apparatus for preparing or serving meals.	Such a group of a certain size (number of guns and artillerists), within a schema of military unit organization.	The catcher and the pitcher together	The energy stored in such a device.	The infliction of unlawful physical violence on a person, legally distinguished from assault, which involves the threat of impending violence.	The state of a firearm or cannon when it is possible to be fired.	Two or more pieces working together on the same rank, file, or diagonal
violence	noun	Extreme force.	Injustice, wrong.	Physical action which causes destruction, harm, pain, or suffering.	Widespread fighting.
violence	verb	To subject to violence.
severe	adj	Sober, plain in appearance, austere.	Strict or harsh.	Very bad or intense.
wipe	verb	To cheat; to defraud; to trick; usually followed by out.	To clean (the buttocks) after defecation.	To deperm (a ship).	To erase.	To have all members of a party die in a single campaign, event, or battle; to be wiped out.	To hit or strike.	To make (a joint, as between pieces of lead pipe), by surrounding the junction with a mass of solder, applied in a plastic condition by means of a rag with which the solder is shaped by rubbing.	To move an object over, maintaining contact, with the intention of removing some substance from the surface. (Compare rub.)	To perform a transition in which one scene or slide is replaced with another over time along a horizontal axis, as if one scene or slide is a layer being slid off the other.	To remove an expression from one's face.	To remove by rubbing; to rub off; to obliterate; usually followed by away, off, or out.	To smear (a substance) with this kind of motion.
wipe	noun	A blow or swipe; the act of striking somebody or something.	A handkerchief.	A kind of film transition where one shot replaces another by travelling from one side of the frame to another or with a special shape.	A lapwing, especially a northern lapwing (Vanellus vanellus).	A sarcastic remark; a reproof, a jibe.	A soft piece of cloth or cloth-like material used for wiping.	An instance of all members of a party dying in a single campaign, event, or battle; a wipeout.	The act of wiping something.
deceive	verb	To trick or mislead.
clothing	verb	present participle and gerund of clothe
clothing	noun	A covering of non-conducting material on the outside of a boiler, or steam chamber, to prevent radiation of heat.	An act or instance of putting clothes on.	Any of a wide variety of articles, usually made of fabrics, animal hair, animal skin, or some combination thereof, used to cover the human body for warmth, to preserve modesty, or for fashion.	The art or process of making cloth.
powerful	adj	Being a powerful number.	Having, or capable of exerting, power or influence.	Large; capacious; said of veins of ore.	Leading to many or important deductions.
powerful	adv	very; extremely
South	name	A surname.	An informal placename:	Ellipsis of Old South, the states which formed the Confederacy during the American Civil War.	The Global South.	The south-eastern states of the United States, including many of the same states as formed the Confederacy.	The southern part of any region; alternative letter-case form of south.	The southern states of India.
motorcycle	noun	An open-seated motor vehicle with handlebars instead of a steering wheel, and having two (or sometimes three) wheels.
motorcycle	verb	To ride a motorcycle.
hug	noun	A close embrace, especially when charged with an emotion such as affection, joy, relief, lust, anger, aggression, compassion, and the like, as opposed to being characterized by formality, equivocation or ambivalence (a half-embrace or "little hug").	A particular grip in wrestling.
hug	verb	To cling closely together.	To crouch; to huddle as with cold.	To embrace by holding closely, especially in the arms.	To hold fast; to cling to; to cherish.	To stay close to.
thirsty	adj	Causing thirst; giving one a need to drink.	Craving alcohol; especially, experiencing some alcohol withdrawal.	Craving or desiring sex.	Craving something immaterial.	Needing to drink water or any liquid that can supply water.
thirsty	noun	One who is thirsty (for a drink, sex, alcohol, etc.).	Thirst.
wage	noun	An amount of money paid to a worker for a specified quantity of work, usually calculated on an hourly basis and expressed in an amount of money per hour.
wage	verb	To adventure, or lay out, for hire or reward; to hire out.	To conduct or carry out (a war or other contest).	To employ for wages; to hire.	To expose oneself to, as a risk; to incur, as a danger; to venture; to hazard.	To give security for the performance of.	To wager, bet.
wherever	adv	In, at or to any place that one likes or chooses.	The place (no matter where) in, at or to which.	Where ever; an emphatic form of where.
wherever	conj	In, at or to all places or situations (that); everywhere.	In, at or to any place (that); anywhere.	Regardless of the place in, at or to which.	Used to show that one does not know where someone or something is located.
truly	adv	Honestly, genuinely, in fact, really.	In accordance with the facts; truthfully, accurately.	Very.
edge	noun	A connected pair of vertices in a graph.	A level of sexual arousal that is maintained just short of reaching the point of inevitability, or climax.	A one-dimensional face of a polytope. In particular, the joining line between two vertices of a polygon; the place where two faces of a polyhedron meet.	A sharp terminating border; a margin; a brink; an extreme verge.	A shot where the ball comes off the edge of the bat, often unintentionally.	An advantage.	Sharpness; readiness or fitness to cut; keenness; intenseness of desire.	The border or part adjacent to the line of division; the beginning or early part (of a period of time)	The boundary line of a surface.	The point of data production in an organization (the focus of edge computing), as opposed to the cloud.	The thin cutting side of the blade of an instrument, such as an ax, knife, sword, or scythe; that which cuts as an edge does, or wounds deeply, etc.
edge	verb	To agitate or exasperate (someone) due to constant delays of something.	To form a border to; to enclose, to border.	To furnish with an edge, as a tool or weapon; to sharpen.	To furnish with an edge; to construct an edging.	To hit the ball with an edge of the bat, causing a fine deflection.	To intentionally stay or keep someone extremely close to the point of orgasm for a long period of time.	To make sharp or keen; to incite; to exasperate; to goad; to urge or egg on.	To move an object slowly and carefully in a particular direction.	To move slowly and carefully in a particular direction.	To trim the margin of a lawn where the grass meets the sidewalk, usually with an electric or gas-powered lawn edger.	To win by a small margin.
relative	adj	Capable to be changed by other beings or circumstance; conditional.	Connected to or depending on something else; comparative.	Depending on an antecedent; comparative.	Expressed in relation to another item, rather than in complete form.	Having the same key but differing in being major or minor.	Relevant; pertinent; related.
relative	adv	Alternative form of relatively.
relative	noun	A type of adjective that inflects like a relative clause, rather than a true adjective, in certain Bantu languages.	Someone connected by blood, marriage, or adoption; someone in the same family.	Something kindred or related to something else.
shadow	noun	A dark image projected onto a surface where light (or other radiation) is blocked by the shade of an object.	A drop shadow effect applied to lettering in word processors etc.	A reflected image, as in a mirror or in water.	A small degree; a shade.	A spirit; a ghost; a shade.	A trainee, assigned to work with an experienced officer.	An area protected by an obstacle (likened to an object blocking out sunlight).	An imperfect and faint representation.	An influence, especially a pervasive or a negative one.	An inseparable companion.	An unconscious aspect of the personality.	An uninvited guest accompanying one who was invited.	One who secretly or furtively follows another.	Relative darkness, especially as caused by the interruption of light; gloom; obscurity.	That which looms as though a shadow.
shadow	adj	Acting in a leadership role before being formally recognized.	Having power or influence, but not widely known or recognized.	Part of, or related to, the opposition in government.	Unofficial, informal, unauthorized, but acting as though it were.
shadow	verb	To accompany (a professional) during the working day, so as to learn about an occupation one intends to take up.	To apply the shadowing process to (the contents of ROM).	To block light or radio transmission from.	To hide; to conceal.	To make (an identifier, usually a variable) inaccessible by declaring another of the same name within the scope of the first.	To represent faintly and imperfectly.	To secretly or discreetly track or follow another, to keep under surveillance.	To shade, cloud, or darken.
assistant	adj	Having a subordinate or auxiliary position.	Helping; lending aid or support; auxiliary.
assistant	noun	A person who assists or helps someone else.	A software tool that provides assistance in some task, a wizard program.	Sales assistant.	Someone who is present; a bystander, a witness.
topic	adj	topical
topic	noun	A component similar to a message queue which supports multiple subscribers.	A musical sign intended to suggest a particular style or genre.	An argument or reason.	An external local application or remedy, such as a plaster, a blister, etc.	Discussion thread.	Subject; theme; a category or general area of interest.
engineer	noun	A person professionally engaged in the technical design and construction of large-scale private and public works such as bridges, buildings, harbours, railways, roads, etc.; a civil engineer.	A person trained to operate an engine.	A person who drives or operates a fire engine (firefighting apparatus).	A person who drives or operates a locomotive; a train driver.	A person who formulates plots or schemes; a plotter, a schemer.	A person who operates a steam engine; specifically (nautical), a person employed to operate the steam engine in the engine room of a ship.	A soldier engaged in designing or constructing military works for attack or defence, or other engineering works.	A soldier in charge of operating a weapon; an artilleryman, a gunner.	An honorific title given to engineers before their name.	Originally, a person engaged in designing, constructing, or maintaining engines or machinery; now (more generally), a person qualified or professionally engaged in any branch of engineering, or studying to do so.	Preceded by a qualifying word: a person who uses abilities or knowledge to manipulate events or people.
engineer	verb	To employ one's abilities and knowledge as an engineer to design, construct, and/or maintain (something, such as a machine or a structure), usually for industrial or public use.	To formulate plots or schemes; to plot, to scheme.	To plan or achieve (a goal) by contrivance or guile; to finagle, to wangle.	To use genetic engineering to alter or construct (a DNA sequence), or to alter (an organism).	To work as an engineer.
July	name	A female given name from English.	A surname from French.	The seventh month of the Gregorian calendar, following June and preceding August.
crisis	noun	A crucial or decisive point or situation; a turning point.	A point in a drama at which a conflict reaches a peak before being resolved.	A sudden change in the course of a disease, usually at which point the patient is expected to either recover or die.	A traumatic or stressful change in a person's life.	An unstable situation, in political, social, economic or military affairs, especially one involving an impending abrupt change.
expectation	noun	That which is expected or looked for.	The act or state of expecting or looking forward to an event as about to happen.	The arithmetic mean.	The first moment; the expected value; the long-run average value of a variable over many independent repetitions of an experiment.	The leaving of a disease principally to the efforts of nature to effect a cure.	The prospect of the future; grounds upon which something excellent is expected to occur; prospect of anything good to come, especially of property or rank.	The value of any chance (as the prospect of prize or property) which depends upon some contingent event.
differ	verb	Not to have the same traits or characteristics; to be unalike or distinct.	To be separated in quantity.	To have diverging opinions, disagree.
differ	noun	A program that diffs, a diff.
contest	noun	A competition.	Controversy; debate.	Struggle for superiority; combat.
contest	verb	To call into question; to oppose.	To contend.	To make a subject of litigation; to defend, as a suit; to dispute or resist, as a claim, by course of law.	To strive earnestly to hold or maintain; to struggle to defend.
absorb	verb	To accept or purchase in quantity.	To assimilate mentally.	To assume or pay for as part of a commercial transaction.	To be absorbed, or sucked in; to sink in.	To defray the costs.	To engross or engage wholly; to occupy fully.	To engulf, as in water; to swallow up.	To include so that it no longer has separate existence; to overwhelm; to cause to disappear as if by swallowing up; to incorporate; to assimilate; to take in and use up.	To occupy or consume time.	To suck up; to drink in; to imbibe, like a sponge or as the lacteals of the body; to chemically take in.	To take in energy and convert it.	in receiving a physical impact or vibration without recoil.	in receiving sound energy without repercussion or echo.	taking in radiant energy and converting it to a different form of energy, like heat.
basketball	noun	A sport in which two opposing teams of five players strive to put a ball through a hoop.	The particular kind of ball used in the sport of basketball.
basketball	verb	To play basketball.	To throw in a similar way to when shooting a basketball.
pipe	noun	A data backbone, or broadband Internet access.	A high-pitched sound, especially of a bird.	A hollow stem with a bowl at one end used for smoking, especially a tobacco pipe but also including various other forms such as a water pipe.	A large container for storing liquids or foodstuffs; now especially a vat or cask of cider or wine. (See a diagram comparing cask sizes.)	A man's penis.	A mechanism that enables one program to communicate with another by sending its output to the other as input.	A rigid tube that transports water, steam, or other fluid, as used in plumbing and numerous other applications.	A telephone.	A tube used to produce sound in an organ; an organ pipe.	A tubular passageway in the human body such as a blood vessel or the windpipe.	A type of pasta similar to macaroni.	A vertical conduit through the Earth's crust below a volcano through which magma has passed, often filled with volcanic breccia.	A water pipe.	A wind instrument consisting of a tube, often lined with holes to allow for adjustment in pitch, sounded by blowing into the tube.	An anonymous satire or essay, insulting and frequently libellous, written on a piece of paper which was rolled up and left somewhere public where it could be found and thus spread, to embarrass the author's enemies.	An elongated or irregular body or vein of ore.	Decorative edging stitched to the hems or seams of an object made of fabric (clothing, hats, curtains, pillows, etc.), often in a contrasting color; piping.	Meanings relating to a container.	Meanings relating to a hollow conduit.	Meanings relating to a smoking implement.	Meanings relating to a wind instrument.	Meanings relating to computing.	Meanings relating to something resembling a tube.	One of the goalposts of the goal.	The character |.	The contents of such a vessel, as a liquid measure, sometimes set at 126 wine gallons; half a tun.	The distance travelled between two rest periods during which one could smoke a pipe.	The key or sound of the voice.
pipe	verb	Of a metal ingot: to become hollow in the process of solidifying.	Of a queen bee: to make a high-pitched sound during certain stages of development.	To convey or transport (something) by means of pipes.	To create or decorate with piping (icing).	To dab moisture away from.	To directly feed (the output of one program) as input to another program, indicated by the pipe character (|) at the command line.	To emit or have a shrill sound like that of a pipe; to whistle.	To have sex with a woman.	To hit with a pipe.	To install or configure with pipes.	To invent or embellish (a story).	To lead or conduct as if by pipes, especially by wired transmission.	To order or signal by a note pattern on a boatswain's pipe.	To play (music) on a pipe instrument, such as a bagpipe or a flute.	To see.	To shout loudly and at high pitch.
insect	noun	A contemptible or powerless person.	An arthropod (in the Insecta class) characterized by six legs, up to four wings, and a chitinous exoskeleton.	Any small arthropod similar to an insect, including spiders, centipedes, millipedes, etc.
North	name	A civil parish in Prince County, Prince Edward Island, Canada, named for its location.	A group of countries mainly lying north of the equator, including most of the West and the First World and much of the Second World.	A number of townships in the United States, including in Indiana (2), Minnesota, Missouri and Ohio, listed under North Township; most are named named for their location.	A surname.	A town in Orangeburg County, South Carolina, United States, named after John North.	North Korea.	Northern Ireland.	The North of England, a cultural region.	The Union during the American Civil War.	The northern part of a region (alternative letter-case form of north), especially:	The northern states of the United States.
composition	noun	A mixture or compound; the result of composing.	A payment of fine in order to settle a (usually minor) criminal charge.	A payment of money in order to clear a liability or obligation; a settling or fine.	A work of music, literature or art.	An agreement or treaty used to settle differences; later especially, an agreement to stop hostilities; a truce.	An essay.	Applying a function to the result of another.	Consistency; accord; congruity.	Synthesis as opposed to analysis.	The act of putting together; assembly.	The arrangement and flow of elements in a picture.	The compounding of two velocities or forces into a single equivalent velocity or force.	The formation of compound words from separate words.	The general makeup of a thing or person.	The proportion of different parts to make a whole.	Typesetting.	Way to combine simple objects or data types into more complex ones.	an agreement or compromise by which a creditor or group of creditors accepts partial payment from a debtor.
pronounce	verb	To declare authoritatively, or as a formal expert opinion.	To declare formally, officially or ceremoniously.	To emphasize, highlight.	To pass judgment.	To produce the components of speech.	To pronounce dead.	To read aloud.	To sound like.	To sound out (a word or phrase); to articulate.
pronounce	noun	Eggcorn of pronouns.
length	noun	A penis.	A unit of script length, comprising 42 lines.	Distance between the two ends of a line segment.	Duration.	Part of something that is long; a physical piece of something.	The amount of time for which the taste of wine lingers on the palate after swallowing or spitting it out, measured in caudilies.	The distance down the pitch that the ball bounces on its way to the batsman.	The distance measured along the longest dimension of an object.	The length of a horse, used to indicate the distance between horses at the end of a race.	The number of cards held in a particular suit.	Total extent.
length	verb	To lengthen.
dancing	noun	A dance club in France.	The activity of taking part in a dance.
dancing	verb	present participle and gerund of dance
helpful	adj	Furnishing help; giving aid; useful.
heaven	noun	A model displaying the movement of the celestial bodies, an orrery.	A state of bliss; a peaceful ecstasy.	Any paradise; any blissful place or experience.	Paradise, the afterlife of the souls who are not sent to a place of punishment or purification such as hell, purgatory, or limbo; the state or condition of being in the presence of God after death.	Providence, the will of God or the council of the gods; fate.	Similarly blissful afterlives, places, or states for particular people, animals, or objects.	The abode of God and of the angels and saints in His presence.	The abode of God or the gods, traditionally conceived as beyond the sky; especially:	The abode of the Abrahamic God; similar abodes of the gods in other religions and traditions, such as Mount Olympus.	The afterlife of the blessed dead in other religions and traditions, such as the Pure Land or Elysium.	The afterlife of the blessed dead, traditionally conceived as opposed to an afterlife of the wicked and unjust (compare hell); specifically	The afterlife of the blessed dead, traditionally conceived as opposed to an afterlife of the wicked and unjust (compare hell); specifically:	The distant sky in which the sun, moon, and stars appear or move; the firmament; the celestial spheres.	The near sky in which weather, flying animals, etc. appear; (obsolete) the atmosphere; the climate.	The sky, specifically:
heaven	verb	To beatify, enchant, or please greatly.	To beautify, to make into a paradise.	To transport to the abode of God, the gods, or the blessed.
import	noun	A foreigner playing in a sports league.	Clipping of importance.	Something brought in from an exterior source, especially for sale or trade.	The practice of importing.
import	verb	To be important or crucial to (that something happen).	To be important; to be significant; to be of consequence.	To be incumbent on (someone to do something).	To be of importance to (someone or something).	To bring (something) in from a foreign country, especially for sale or trade.	To express, to imply.	To load a file into a software application from another version or system.	To mean, signify.
jam	noun	A blockage, congestion, or immobilization.	A difficult situation for a pitcher or defending team.	A difficult situation.	A forceful dunk.	A kind of frock for children.	A play during which points can be scored.	A song; a track.	A sweet mixture of fruit boiled with sugar and allowed to congeal. Often spread on bread or toast or used in jam tarts	Alternative form of jamb.	An informal event where people brainstorm and collaborate on projects.	An informal, impromptu performance or rehearsal.	Any of several manoeuvres requiring wedging of an extremity into a tight space.	Luck hence jammy - lucky.	Sexual relations or the contemplation of them.	Something enjoyable; a delightful situation or outcome.	That which one particularly prefers, desires, enjoys, or cares about.	The tree Acacia acuminata, with fruity-smelling hard timber.	balls, bollocks, courage, machismo
jam	verb	To attempt to score points.	To be of high quality.	To block or confuse a radio or radar signal by transmitting a more-powerful signal on the same frequency.	To bring (a vessel) so close to the wind that half her upper sails are laid aback.	To brusquely force something into a space; to cram, to squeeze.	To cause congestion or blockage. Often used with "up".	To dunk.	To get something stuck, often (though not necessarily) in a confined space.	To give up on a date or some other joint endeavour; to stand up, chicken out, jam out.	To injure a finger or toe by sudden compression of the digit's tip.	To play music (especially improvisation as a group, or an informal unrehearsed session).	To render something unable to move.	To throw a pitch at or near the batter's hands.
devil	name	The chief devil; Satan.
devil	noun	A Tasmanian devil.	A barren, unproductive and unused area.	A dish, as a bone with the meat, broiled and excessively peppered; a grill with Cayenne pepper.	A dust devil.	A fictional image of a man, usually red or orange in skin color; with a set of horns on his head, a pointed goatee and a long tail and carrying a pitchfork; that represents evil and portrayed to children in an effort to discourage bad behavior.	A machine for tearing or cutting rags, cotton, etc., as used in the production of mungo or shoddy.	A person, especially a man; used to express a particular opinion of him, usually in the phrases poor devil and lucky devil.	A poltergeist that haunts printing works.	A printer's assistant.	A thing that is awkward or difficult to understand or do.	A wicked or naughty person, or one who harbors reckless, spirited energy, especially in a mischievous way; usually said of a young child.	An endurance event where riders who fall behind are periodically eliminated.	An evil creature, the objectification of a hostile and destructive force.	Ellipsis of devil seam (“the seam between garboard strake and the keel, on wooden boats”).	Hell.	The bad part of the conscience; the opposite to the angel.
devil	verb	To annoy or bother.	To finely grind cooked ham or other meat with spices and condiments.	To ghostwrite; to author while working as a ‘devil’.	To grill with cayenne pepper; to season highly in cooking, as with pepper.	To make like a devil; to invest with the character of a devil.	To prepare (food) with spices, making it spicy:	To prepare a sidedish of shelled halved boiled eggs to whose extracted yolks are added condiments and spices, which mixture then is placed into the halved whites to be served.	To shred fabric into its fibres for recycling, as in the production of mungo or shoddy.	To work as a ‘devil’; to work for a lawyer or writer without fee or recognition.
melt	verb	To be discouraged.	To be emotionally softened or touched.	To be very hot and sweat profusely.	To change (or to be changed) from a solid state to a liquid state, usually by a gradual heat.	To dissolve, disperse, vanish.	To soften, as by a warming or kindly influence; to relax; to render gentle or susceptible to mild influences; sometimes, in a bad sense, to take away the firmness of; to weaken.
melt	noun	A centre-left or liberal person, when in opposition to a leftist; (especially) a critic of Jeremy Corbyn within the Labour Party.	A melt sandwich.	A wax-based substance for use in an oil burner as an alternative to mixing oils and water.	An idiot.	Molten material, the product of melting.	Rock showing evidence of having been remelted after it originally solidified.	The springtime snow runoff in mountain regions.	The transition of matter from a solid state to a liquid state.	Variant spelling of milt, the semen of a male fish, used as food.
border	noun	A decorative strip around the edge of something.	A string that is both a prefix and a suffix of another particular string.	A strip of ground in which ornamental plants are grown.	Border morris or border dancing.	The line or frontier area separating political or geographical regions.	The outer edge of something.
border	verb	To approach; to come near to; to verge (with on or upon).	To form a border around; to bound.	To lie on, or adjacent to, a border of.	To put a border on something.	To touch at a border (with on, upon, or with).
stretch	verb	To execute by hanging.	To extend one’s limbs or another part of the body, for example in order to improve the elasticity of one's muscles.	To extend physically, especially from limit point to limit point.	To extend to a limit point	To get more use than expected from a limited resource.	To increase.	To lengthen by pulling.	To lengthen when pulled.	To make great demands on the capacity or resources of something.	To make inaccurate by exaggeration.	To pull tight.	To sail by the wind under press of canvas.	To stretch the truth; to exaggerate.
stretch	noun	A course of thought which diverts from straightforward logic, or requires extraordinary belief or exaggeration.	A jail or prison term of one year's duration.	A jail or prison term.	A length of time.	A long reach in the direction of the ball with a foot remaining on the base by a first baseman in order to catch the ball sooner.	A quick pitching delivery used when runners are on base where the pitcher slides his leg instead of lifting it.	A segment of a journey or route.	A segment or length of material.	A single uninterrupted sitting; a turn.	A walk.	An act of stretching.	Ellipsis of stretch limousine.	Extended daylight hours, especially said of the evening in springtime when compared to the shorter winter days.	Term of address for a tall person.	The ability to lengthen when pulled.	The homestretch, the final straight section of the track leading to the finish.	The period of the season between the trade deadline and the beginning of the playoffs.
dawn	verb	To begin to brighten with daylight.	To begin to give promise; to begin to appear or to expand.	To start to appear or become obvious.
dawn	noun	The earliest phase of something.	The morning twilight period immediately before sunrise.	The rising of the sun.	The time when the sun rises.
phrase	noun	A mode or form of speech; diction; expression.	A short individual motion forming part of a choreographed dance.	A short written or spoken expression.	A small section of music in a larger piece.	A word or, more commonly, a group of words that functions as a single unit in the syntax of a sentence, always containing an expressed or implied head (the principal word or subgroup, with core importance) and often consisting of a head plus some other elaborating words.
phrase	verb	To divide into melodic phrases.	To express (an action, thought or idea) by means of particular words.	To perform (a passage) with a particular phrasing.
belief	noun	Faith or trust in the reality of something; often based upon one's own reasoning, trust in a claim, desire of actuality, and/or evidence considered.	Mental acceptance of a claim as true.	One's religious or moral convictions.	Religious faith.	Something believed.	The quality or state of believing.
lover	noun	A person who loves something.	A sexual partner, especially one with whom someone is having an affair.	An informal term of address for any friend.	Obsolete form of louver.	One who loves and cares for another person in a romantic way; a sweetheart, love, soulmate, boyfriend, girlfriend, or spouse.
luggage	noun	A specific bag or container holding a traveller's belongings.	The bags and other containers that hold a traveller's belongings.	The contents of such containers.
onto	prep	Arriving upon or on top of (speaking of a physical or metaphorical movement).	Aware of.	Being an onto function with a codomain of (see below).
onto	adj	Attaining each of the values in its codomain; having its image equal to its codomain.
function	noun	A party.	A professional or official position.	A relation in which each element of the domain is associated with exactly one element of the codomain.	A relation where one thing is dependent on another for its existence, value, or significance.	A routine that receives zero or more arguments and may return a result.	An official or social occasion.	Something which is dependent on or stems from another thing; a result or concomitant.	The characteristic behavior of a chemical compound.	The physiological activity of an organ or body part.	The role of a social practice in the continued existence of the group.	What something does or is used for.
function	verb	To carry out a function; to be in action.	To have a function.
throat	noun	A narrow opening in a vessel.	Short for station throat	That end of a gaff which is next to the mast.	The angle where the arm of an anchor is joined to the shank.	The front part of the neck.	The gullet or windpipe.	The inside of a timber knee.	The orifice of a tubular organ; the outer end of the tube of a monopetalous corolla; the faux, or fauces.	The part of a chimney between the gathering, or portion of the funnel which contracts in ascending, and the flue.	The upper fore corner of a boom-and-gaff sail, or of a staysail.
throat	verb	To mow (beans, etc.) in a direction against their bending.	To take into the throat. (Compare deepthroat.)	To utter in or with the throat.
cruel	adj	Cool; awesome; neat.	Harsh; severe.	Intentionally causing or reveling in pain and suffering; merciless, heartless.
cruel	adv	To a great degree; terribly.
cruel	verb	To spoil or ruin (one's chance of success)	To violently provoke (a child) in the belief that this will make them more assertive.
cruel	noun	Alternative form of crewel.
confuse	verb	To be confused.	To make uneasy and ashamed; to embarrass.	To mix thoroughly; to confound; to disorder.	To mix up, muddle up (one thing with another); to mistake (one thing for another).	To rout; discomfit.	to puzzle, perplex, baffle, bewilder (somebody); to afflict by being complicated, contradictory, or otherwise difficult to understand
confuse	adj	Synonym of confused.
greet	verb	To accost; to address.	To arrive at or reach, or meet.	To be perceived by (someone).	To meet and give salutations.	To weep; to cry.	To welcome in a friendly manner, either in person or through another means such as writing.
greet	adj	Great.
greet	noun	Mourning, weeping, lamentation.
resist	verb	To attempt to counter the actions or effects of.	To be distasteful to.	To oppose; to refuse to accept.	To withstand the actions of.
resist	noun	A protective coating or covering.
military	adj	Characteristic of members of the armed forces.	Relating to armed forces such as the army, marines, navy and air force (often as distinguished from civilians or police forces).	Relating to armies or ground forces.	Relating to war.
military	noun	Armed forces.
salad	noun	A food made primarily of a mixture of raw or cold ingredients, typically vegetables, usually served with a dressing such as vinegar or mayonnaise.	A raw vegetable of the kind used in salads.	Any varied blend or mixture.	Especially, such a mixture whose principal base is greens, most especially lettuce.	Lettuce.
proof	noun	A limited-run high-quality strike of a particular coin, originally as a test run, although nowadays mostly for collectors' sets.	A measure of the alcohol content of liquor. Originally, in Britain, 100 proof was defined as 57.1% by volume (no longer used). In the US, 100 proof means that the alcohol content is 50% of the total volume of the liquid; thus, absolute alcohol would be 200 proof.	A process for testing the accuracy of an operation performed. Compare prove, transitive verb, 5.	A proof sheet; a trial impression, as from type, taken for correction or examination.	A sequence of statements consisting of axioms, assumptions, statements already demonstrated in another proof, and statements that logically follow from previous statements in the sequence, and which concludes with a statement that is the object of the proof.	An effort, process, or operation designed to establish or discover a fact or truth; an act of testing; a test; a trial.	Armour of excellent or tried quality, and deemed impenetrable; properly, armour of proof.	Experience of something.	Firmness of mind; stability not to be shaken.	The degree of evidence which convinces the mind of any truth or fact, and produces belief; a test by facts or arguments which induce, or tend to induce, certainty of the judgment; conclusive evidence; demonstration.	The quality or state of having been proved or tried; firmness or hardness which resists impression, or does not yield to force; impenetrability of physical bodies.
proof	adj	Being of a certain standard as to alcohol content.	Firm or successful in resisting.	Used in proving or testing.
proof	verb	To allow (yeast-containing dough) to rise, especially after it has been shaped	To make resistant, especially to water.	To proofread.	To test the activeness of (yeast).	To test-fire with a load considerably more powerful than the firearm in question's rated maximum chamber pressure, in order to establish the firearm's ability to withstand pressures well in excess of those expected in service without bursting.
circle	noun	A bagginess of the skin below the eyes from lack of sleep.	A curve that more or less forms part or all of a circle.	A form of argument in which two or more unproved statements are used to prove each other; inconclusive reasoning.	A line comprising two semicircles of 30 yards radius centred on the wickets joined by straight lines parallel to the pitch used to enforce field restrictions in a one-day match.	A ritual circle that is cast three times deosil and closes three times widdershins either in the air with a wand or literally with stones or other items used for worship.	A series ending where it begins, and repeating itself.	A specific group of persons; especially one who shares a common interest.	A territorial division or district.	A traffic circle or roundabout.	A two-dimensional geometric figure, a disk, consisting of the set of all those points of a plane at a distance less than or equal to a fixed distance (radius) from a given point.	A two-dimensional geometric figure, a line, consisting of the set of all those points in a plane that are equally distant from a given point (center).	An instrument of observation, whose graduated limb consists of an entire circle. When fixed to a wall in an observatory, it is called a mural circle; when mounted with a telescope on an axis and in Y's, in the plane of the meridian, a meridian or transit circle; when involving the principle of reflection, like the sextant, a reflecting circle; and when that of repeating an angle several times continuously along the graduated limb, a repeating circle.	Any shape, curve or arrangement of objects that approximates to or resembles the geometric figures.	Any thin three-dimensional equivalent of the geometric figures.	Compass; circuit; enclosure.	Indirect form of words; circumlocution.	The orbit of an astronomical body.
circle	verb	To place or mark a circle around.	To surround.	To take part in a magic circle.	To travel around along a curved path.	To travel in circles.
wrap	verb	To (cause to) reset to an original value after passing a maximum.	To break a continuous line (of text) onto the next line	To conceal by enveloping or enfolding; to hide.	To enclose (an object) completely in any flexible, thin material such as fabric or paper.	To enclose or coil around an object or organism, as a form of grasping.	To finish shooting (filming) a video, television show, or movie.	To make functionality available through a software wrapper.
wrap	noun	A complete news report ready for broadcast, incorporating spoken reporting and other material.	A loose piece of women's clothing that one wraps around the body; a shawl or scarf.	A type of food consisting of various ingredients wrapped in a tortilla or pancake.	A wraparound mortgage.	Alternative spelling of rap (“appraisal”).	An outer garment worn as protection while riding, travelling etc.	Paper or sheeting that is wrapped around something to protect, contain, or conceal it.	The act of wrapping	The completion of all or a major part of a performance.
honesty	noun	Any of various crucifers in the genus Lunaria, several of which are grown as ornamentals, particularly Lunaria annua.	Chastity.	Honor; decency, propriety.	The act, quality, or condition of being honest.
greatly	adv	Nobly; magnanimously.	To a great extent or degree.
accompany	verb	To associate in a company; to keep company.	To be found at the same time.	To cohabit (with).	To cohabit with; to coexist with; occur with.	To go with or attend as a companion or associate; to keep company with; to go along with.	To perform an accompanying part next to (another instrument or musician).	To perform an accompanying part or parts in a composition.	To supplement with; add to.
bitter	adj	Cynical and resentful.	Harsh, piercing, acerbic or stinging.	Hateful or hostile.	Having an acrid taste (usually from a basic substance).
bitter	noun	A hardware system whose architecture is based around units of the specified number of bits (binary digits).	A liquid or powder, made from bitter herbs, used in mixed drinks or as a tonic.	A turn of a cable about the bitts.	A type of beer heavily flavored with hops.
bitter	verb	To make bitter.
sometime	adv	At an indefinite but stated time in the past or future.	At an unstated past or future time; once; formerly.	Sometimes.
sometime	adj	Former, erstwhile; at some previous time.	Occasional; intermittent.
reserve	noun	A body of troops kept in the rear of an army drawn up for battle, reserved to support the other lines as occasion may require; a force or body of troops kept for an exigency.	A group or pile of cards dealt out at the beginning of a patience or solitaire game to be used during play.	A member of a team who does not participate from the start of the game, but can be used to replace tired or injured team-mates.	A natural resource known to exist but not currently exploited.	A preparation used on an object being electroplated to fix the limits of the deposit.	A reserve price in an auction.	A resist.	A restriction.	A tract of land reserved, or set apart, for a particular purpose	A tract of land set apart for the use of an Aboriginal group: Indian reserve.	Absence of color or decoration; the state of being left plain.	Funds kept on hand to meet planned or unplanned financial requirements.	In exhibitions, a distinction indicating that the recipient will get a prize in the event of another person being disqualified.	Restraint of freedom in words or actions; backwardness; caution in personal behavior.	Something initially kept back for later use in recreation.	That which is reserved or kept back, as for future use.	The act of reserving or keeping back; reservation; exception.	Wine held back and aged before being sold.
reserve	verb	To book in advance; to make a reservation for.	To keep back; to retain.	To keep in store for future or special use.	To make an exception of; to except.
hesitate	verb	To stammer; to falter in speaking.	To stop or pause respecting decision or action; to be in suspense or uncertainty as to a determination.	To utter with hesitation or to intimate by a reluctant manner.
shocked	adj	Affected, altered, or transformed by one or more shock waves.	Subjected to electric shock.	Suffering from shock.	Surprised, startled, confused, or taken aback, particularly when also indignant.
shocked	verb	simple past and past participle of shock
nod	verb	To allude to something.	To briefly incline the head downwards as a cursory greeting.	To fall asleep while under the influence of opiates.	To gradually fall asleep.	To head; to strike the ball with one's head.	To incline the head up and down, as to indicate agreement.	To make a mistake by being temporarily inattentive or tired	To signify by a nod.	To sway, move up and down.
nod	noun	A nomination.	A reference or allusion to something.	A state of half-consciousness; stupor.	An instance of inclining the head up and down, as to indicate agreement, or as a cursory greeting.	Approval.
Park	name	A community and ward in Merthyr Tydfil borough county borough, Wales.	A large area of Lewis, Western Isles council area, Scotland.	A river in central Connecticut.	A surname from Korean. Alternative form of Bak.	A village in County Londonderry, Northern Ireland.	An English surname.
Facebook	name	A social-networking website where users can find acquaintances or friends, exchange messages, and post updates.
Facebook	noun	A personal web profile on the social-networking site Facebook.
Facebook	verb	To send a message or leave a comment on Facebook.	To use the social-networking site Facebook.
communication	noun	A connection between two tissues, organs, or cavities.	A message; the essential data transferred in an act of communication.	A passageway or opening between two locations; connection.	A trope by which a speaker assumes that his hearer is a partner in his sentiments, and says "we" instead of "I" or "you".	An instance of information transfer; a conversation or discourse.	Association; company.	Participation in Holy Communion.	The act or fact of communicating anything; transmission.	The body of all data transferred to one or both parties during an act of communication.	The concept or state of exchanging data or information between entities.
majority	noun	Ancestors; ancestry.	In a parliament or legislature, the difference in seats between the ruling party and the opposition; (UK) in an election, the difference in votes between the winning candidate and the second-place candidate, or between the winning candidate and all of the other candidates combined.	Legal adulthood, age of majority.	More than half (50%) of some group.	The office held by a member of the armed forces in the rank of major.
electricity	noun	A feeling of excitement; a thrill.	Electrical energy, as supplied by power stations or generators.	Electrical power, as supplied by power stations or generators.	Originally, a property of amber and certain other nonconducting substances to attract lightweight material when rubbed, or the cause of this property; now understood to be a phenomenon caused by the distribution and movement of charged subatomic particles and their interaction with the electromagnetic field.	The study of electrical phenomena; the branch of science dealing with such phenomena.	The supply of electricity, as a utility.
predict	verb	To direct a ranged weapon against a target by means of a predictor.	To imply.	To make a prediction: to forecast, foretell, or estimate a future event on the basis of knowledge and reasoning; to prophesy a future event on the basis of mystical knowledge or power.	To make predictions.
predict	noun	A prediction.
properly	adv	Entirely; extremely; thoroughly.	In a proper manner, appropriately, suitably; correctly, justifiably	individually; in one's own manner.
pupil	noun	A learner at a school under the supervision of a teacher.	An orphan who is a minor and under the protection of the state.	One who studies under supervision of a renowned expert in their field.	The central dark part of an ocellated spot.	The hole in the middle of the iris of the eye, through which light passes to be focused on the retina.
fate	noun	Alternative letter-case form of Fate (one of the goddesses said to control the destiny of human beings).	An event or a situation which is inevitable in the fullness of time.	Destiny; often with a connotation of death, ruin, misfortune, etc.	The effect, consequence, outcome, or inevitable events predetermined by this cause.	The mature endpoint of a region, group of cells or individual cell in an embryo, including all changes leading to that mature endpoint	The presumed cause, force, principle, or divine will that predetermines events.	The products of a chemical reaction in their final form in the biosphere.
fate	verb	To foreordain or predetermine, to make inevitable.
cherry	noun	A red cricket ball.	A reddish mark left on the bat by the impact of the ball.	A round, red light of the kind that is typically mounted on top of a police car.	A small fruit, usually red, black or yellow, with a smooth hard seed and a short hard stem.	A subtree consisting of a node with exactly two leaves.	Cherry red.	Prunus subg. Cerasus, trees or shrubs that bear cherries.	The burning tip of a cigarette.	The fruit of the coffee plant, containing the seeds or beans.	The wood of a cherry tree.	Virginity, especially female virginity as embodied by a hymen.
cherry	adj	Containing or having the taste of cherries.	In excellent condition; mint condition.	Of a bright red color; cherry red.
cherry	verb	To cheer, to delight.	To redden; to infuse a cherrylike color to something.
determine	verb	To ascertain definitely; to figure out, find out, or conclude by analyzing, calculating, or investigating.	To bring to a conclusion, as a question or controversy; to settle authoritative or judicial sentence; to decide.	To bring to an end, finish; to come to an end, stop, end.	To define or limit by adding a differentia.	To fix the course of; to impel and direct; with a remoter object preceded by to.	To fix the form or character of; to shape; to prescribe imperatively; to regulate; to settle.	To resolve (to do something); to establish a fixed intention; to cause (something) to come to a conclusion or decision; to lead.	To set the boundaries or limits of.
recent	adj	Having done something a short while ago that distinguishes them as what they are called.	Having happened a short while ago.	Particularly in geology, palaeontology, and astronomy: having occurred a relatively short time ago, but still potentially thousands or even millions of years ago.	Up-to-date; not old-fashioned or dated.
recent	noun	A recently viewed or accessed item.
spell	noun	A definite period (of work or other activity).	A magical effect or influence induced by an incantation or formula.	A period of illness, or sudden interval of bad spirits, disease etc.	A period of rest; time off.	A shift (of work); (rare) a set of workers responsible for a specific turn of labour.	A splinter, usually of wood; a spelk.	An indefinite period of time (usually with a qualifier); by extension, a relatively short distance.	An uninterrupted series of alternate overs bowled by a single bowler.	Speech, discourse.	The wooden bat in the game of trap ball, or knurr and spell.	Words or a formula supposed to have magical powers.
spell	verb	Of letters: to compose (a word).	To clarify; to explain in detail.	To constitute; to measure.	To indicate that (some event) will occur; typically followed by a single-word noun.	To put under the influence of a spell; to affect by a spell; to bewitch; to fascinate; to charm.	To read (something) as though letter by letter; to peruse slowly or with effort.	To rest (someone or something), to give someone or something a rest or break.	To rest from work for a time.	To speak, to declaim.	To tell; to relate; to teach.	To work in place of (someone).	To write or say the letters that form a word or part of a word.
starve	verb	To be very hungry.	To deprive of nourishment or of some vital component.	To deteriorate for want of any essential thing.	To die because of lack of food or of not eating.	To die; in later use especially to die slowly, waste away.	To force a combatant to submit or surrender by depriving of food, as in a targeted siege.	To force a population center to submit or surrender by depriving of food, as in sieges in international armed conflicts.	To kill or attempt to kill by depriving of food.	To kill with cold; to (cause to) die from cold.	To make suffer severely by depriving of food.	To suffer severely because of lack of food or of not eating.
married	adj	In a state of marriage; having a wife or a husband.	Showing commitment or devotion normally reserved for a spouse; strongly committed or attached to something.
married	verb	simple past and past participle of marry
married	noun	A married person.
wolf	noun	A man who makes amorous advances to many women.	A white worm which infests granaries, the larva of Nemapogon granella, a tineid moth.	A willying machine, to cleanse wool or willow.	A wolf spider.	A wolf tone or wolf note.	An eating ulcer or sore. See lupus.	Any of several related canines that resemble Canis lupus in appearance, especially those of the genus Canis.	Any very ravenous, rapacious, or destructive person or thing; especially, want; starvation.	Canis lupus; the largest wild member of the canine subfamily.	One of the destructive, and usually hairy, larvae of several species of beetles and grain moths.
wolf	verb	To devour; to gobble; to eat (something) voraciously.	To hunt for wolves.	To make amorous advances to many women; to hit on women; to cruise for sex.
convenient	adj	Fit; suitable; appropriate.	Serving to reduce a difficulty, or accessible with minimum difficulty; expedient.	Suspicious due to suiting someone's purposes very well.
loose	verb	Misspelling of lose.	Obsolete form of lose.	Of a grip or hold, to let go.	To let loose, to free from restraints.	To make less tight, to loosen.	To set sail.	To shoot (an arrow).	To solve; to interpret.	To unfasten, to loosen.
loose	adj	Free from moral restraint; immoral, unchaste.	Having oversteer.	Indiscreet.	Measured loosely stacked or disorganized (such as of firewood).	Not being in the possession of any competing team during a game.	Not compact.	Not costive; having lax bowels.	Not fitting closely.	Not fixed in place tightly or firmly.	Not held or packaged together.	Not precise or exact; vague; indeterminate.	Not under control.	Relaxed.
loose	noun	A letting go; discharge.	A state of laxity or indulgence; unrestrained freedom, abandonment.	All play other than set pieces (scrums and line-outs).	Freedom from restraint.	The release of an arrow.
loose	intj	begin shooting; release your arrows
autumn	noun	A person with relatively dark hair and a warm skin tone, seen as best suited to certain colours in clothing.	The time period when someone or something is past its prime.	Traditionally the third of the four seasons, when deciduous trees lose their leaves, and temperatures and daylight hours decrease; typically regarded as spanning the months of September, October, and November in the Northern Hemisphere, and the months of March, April and May in the Southern Hemisphere.
autumn	verb	To (cause to) undergo the changes associated with autumn, such as leaves changing color and falling from trees.	To spend the autumn (in a particular place).
north	noun	Alternative letter-case form of North (“a northern region; the inhabitants thereof”).	In a church: the direction to the left-hand side of a person facing the altar.	The direction towards the pole to the left-hand side of someone facing east, specifically 0°, or (on another celestial object) the direction towards the pole lying on the northern side of the invariable plane.	The positive or north pole of a magnet, which seeks the magnetic pole near Earth's geographic North Pole (which, for its magnetic properties, is a south pole).	The up or positive direction.
north	adj	Designating, or situated in, the liturgical north (in a church, the direction to the left-hand side of a person facing the altar).	More or greater than.	Of or pertaining to the north; northern.	Of wind, from the north.	Pertaining to the part of a corridor used by northbound traffic.	Toward the north; northward.
north	adv	Toward the north; northward; northerly.
north	verb	To turn or move toward the north.
dig	verb	To appreciate, or like.	To defend against an attack hit by the opposing team by successfully passing the ball	To get by digging; to take from the ground; often with up.	To investigate, to research, often followed by out or up.	To move hard-packed earth out of the way, especially downward to make a hole with a shovel. Or to drill, or the like, through rocks, roads, or the like. More generally, to make any similar hole by moving material out of the way.	To take ore from its bed, in distinction from making excavations in search of ore.	To thrust; to poke.	To understand.	To work like a digger; to study ploddingly and laboriously.
dig	noun	A cutting, sarcastic remark.	A defensive pass of the ball that has been attacked by the opposing team.	A duck.	A hard blow, especially (boxing) a straight left-hander delivered under the opponent's guard.	A plodding and laborious student.	A rare or interesting vinyl record bought second-hand.	A thrust; a poke.	A tool for digging.	An archeological or paleontological investigation, or the site where such an investigation is taking place.	An innings.	Digoxin.	The occupation of digging for gold.
resource	noun	A person's capacity to deal with difficulty.	Hardware or software accessible by a computer, network, or another object connected to a computer.	Something that can be used to help achieve an aim, especially a book, equipment, etc. that provides information for teachers and students.	Something that one uses to achieve an objective, e.g. raw materials or personnel.
resource	verb	To source anew or differently; to find or provide a new source for.	To supply with resources.
Nancy	name	A city in Meurthe-et-Moselle department, Grand Est, north-eastern France.	A female given name.
indeed	adv	In fact.	Truly; in fact; actually.
indeed	intj	Indicates emphatic agreement.	With interrogative intonation (low–high), indicates serious doubt.
reject	verb	To block a shot, especially if it sends the ball off the court.	To refuse a romantic advance.	To refuse to accept; to forswear.
reject	noun	A rejected defective product in a production line.	A rejected takeoff.	An unpopular person.	Something that is rejected.
disagree	verb	To fail to agree; to have a different opinion or belief.	To fail to conform or correspond with.
pure	adj	A lot of.	Done for its own sake instead of serving another branch of science.	Free of flaws or imperfections; unsullied.	Free of foreign material or pollutants.	Free of immoral behavior or qualities; clean.	Mere; that and that only.	Of a single, simple sound or tone; said of some vowels and the unaspirated consonants.	Without harmonics or overtones; not harsh or discordant.
pure	adv	to a great extent or degree; extremely; exceedingly.
pure	verb	To cleanse; to refine.	To hit (the ball) completely cleanly and accurately.
pure	noun	Alternative form of puer (“dung (e.g. of dogs)”).	One who, or that which, is pure.
surface	noun	Outward or external appearance.	The locus of an equation (especially one with exactly two degrees of freedom) in a space of more than two dimensions.	The outside hull of a tangible object.	The overside or up-side of a flat object such as a table, or of a liquid.	The story or image suggested by a cryptic clue, when read as a whole sentence without considering wordplay.
surface	verb	To become known or apparent; to appear or be found; to come to light.	To bring to the surface.	To come out of hiding.	To make (information, facts, content, etc) known.	To provide with a surface; to apply a surface to.	To rise to the surface.	To work a mine near the surface.
swallow	verb	To accept easily or without questions; to believe, accept.	To cause (food, drink etc.) to pass from the mouth into the stomach; to take into the stomach through the throat.	To engross; to appropriate; usually with up.	To put up with; to bear patiently or without retaliation.	To retract; to recant.	To take (something) in so that it disappears; to consume, absorb.	To take food down into the stomach; to make the muscular contractions of the oesophagus to achieve this, often taken as a sign of nervousness or strong emotion.
swallow	noun	A deep chasm or abyss in the earth.	A small, migratory bird of the Hirundinidae family with long, pointed, moon-shaped wings and a forked tail which feeds on the wing by catching insects.	Any of various carbohydrate-based dishes that are swallowed without much chewing.	The amount swallowed in one gulp; the act of swallowing.	The mouth and throat; that which is used for swallowing; the gullet.	The opening in a pulley block between the sheave and shell through which the rope passes.
devote	verb	to consign over; to doom	to execrate; to curse	to give one's time, focus one's efforts, commit oneself, etc. entirely for, on, or to a certain matter; to consecrate.
devote	adj	devoted; addicted; devout
scratch	verb	Hence, to remove, ignore, or delete.	To announce one's non-participation in a race or sports event part of a larger sports meeting that one was previously signed up for, usually in lieu of another event at the same meeting.	To commit a foul in pool, as where the cue ball is put into a pocket or jumps off the table.	To cross out, strike out, strike through some text on a page.	To dig or excavate with the claws.	To dig or scrape (a person's skin) with claws or fingernails in self-defense or with the intention to injure.	To irritate someone's skin with one's unshaven beard when kissing.	To mark a surface with a sharp object, thereby leaving a scratch (noun).	To produce a distinctive sound on a turntable by moving a vinyl record back and forth while manipulating the crossfader (see also scratching).	To rub a surface with a sharp object, especially by a living creature to remove itching with nails, claws, etc.	To rub the skin with rough material causing a sensation of irritation; to cause itching.	To score, not by skillful play but by some fortunate chance of the game.	To write or draw hastily or awkwardly; scrawl.	to get such scratches
scratch	noun	A disruption, mark or shallow cut on a surface made by scratching.	A feed, usually a mixture of a few common grains, given to chickens.	A foul in pool, as where the cue ball is put into a pocket or jumps off the table.	A genre of Virgin Islander music, better known as fungi.	A horse withdrawn from a race prior to the start.	A minor injury.	A scratch wig.	A shot which scores by chance and not as intended by the player; a fluke.	A starting line (originally and simply, a line scratched in the ground), as in boxing.	A technical error of touching or surpassing the starting mark prior to the official start signal in the sporting events of long jump, discus, hammer throw, shot put, and similar. Originally the starting mark was a scratch on the ground but is now a board or precisely indicated mark.	An aberration.	An act of scratching the skin to alleviate an itch or irritation.	Minute, but tender and troublesome, excoriations, covered with scabs, upon the heels of horses which have been used where it is very wet or muddy.	Money.	Nothing, zero. Used especially in card games or sports, but also expressions like "from scatch".	Scrawled or illegible handwriting; chicken scratch.	The last riders to depart in a handicap race.
scratch	adj	(of a player) Of a standard high enough to play without a handicap, i.e. to compete without the benefit of a variation in scoring based on ability.	For or consisting of preliminary or tentative, incomplete, etc. work.	Hastily assembled, arranged or constructed, from whatever materials are to hand, with little or no preparation	Relating to a scratchpad, a data structure or recording medium attached to a machine for testing or temporary use.
collection	noun	A gathering of money for charitable or other purposes, as by passing a contribution box for donations.	A set of college exams generally taken at the start of the term.	A set of items or amount of material procured, gathered or presented together.	A set of pitch classes used by a composer.	A set of sets; used because such a thing is in general too large to comply with the formal definition of a set.	Debt collection.	The act of inferring or concluding from premises or observed facts; also, that which is inferred.	The activity of collecting.	The jurisdiction of a collector of excise.	The quality of being collected; calm composure.
colour	noun	Commonwealth and Ireland standard spelling of color.
colour	adj	Commonwealth and Ireland standard spelling of color.
colour	verb	Commonwealth and Ireland standard spelling of color.
King	noun	The title of a king.	radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter K.
King	name	A census-designated place in Farmington, Waupaca County, Wisconsin.	A city in Stokes County and Forsyth County, North Carolina.	A neighbourhood in north-east Portland, Oregon.	A number of places in the United States:	A town in Lincoln County, Wisconsin.	A township in the Regional Municipality of York, Ontario, Canada.	A village on New Ireland, Papua New Guinea.	An English and Scottish surname transferred from the nickname, originally a nickname for someone who either acted as if he were a king or had worked in the king's household.	An unincorporated community in Clay County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Gibson County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia.	King class, a class of steam locomotives once used on the GWR.
Latin	adj	Of or from Latin America or of Latin American culture.	Of or relating to Latin: the language spoken in ancient Rome and other cities of Latium.	Of or relating to Latium (modern Lazio), the region around Rome.	Of or relating to ancient Rome or its Empire.	Of or relating to the customs and people descended from the ancient Romans and their Empire.	Of or relating to the script of the language spoken in ancient Rome and many modern alphabets.	Roman Catholic; of or pertaining to the Roman Rite of the Catholic Church.
Latin	name	A surname from Middle English.	The Latin alphabet or writing system.	The language of the ancient Romans, other Latins and of the Roman Catholic church, especially Classical Latin.	The nonsense placeholder text (often based on real Latin) used in greeking.
Latin	noun	A member of an Italic tribe that included the early inhabitants of the city of Rome, and from about 1000 BC inhabited the region known as Old Latium.	A person adhering to Roman Catholic practice.	A person from Latin America.	A person from one of the modern European countries (including Italy, Spain etc.) whose language is descended from Latin.	A person native to ancient Rome or its Empire.
Marika		
complex	adj	A curve, polygonderi or other figure that crosses or intersects itself.	Having the form a + bi, where a and b are real numbers and i is (by definition) the imaginary square root of −1.	Made up of multiple parts; composite; not simple.	Not simple, easy, or straightforward; complicated.	Whose coefficients are complex numbers; defined over the field of complex numbers.	Whose range is a subset of the complex numbers.
complex	noun	A cluster of wildfires burning in the same vicinity.	A collection of buildings with a common purpose, such as a university or military base.	A complex number.	A fixed mental tendency or obsession.	A group of closely related species, often distinguished only with difficulty by traditional morphological methods.	A group of emotionally charged ideas or mental factors, unconsciously associated by the individual with a particular subject, arising from repressed instincts, fears, or desires and often resulting in mental abnormality.	A multimorphemic word, one with several parts, one with affixes.	A network of interconnected systems.	A problem.	A structure consisting of a central atom or molecule weakly connected to surrounding atoms or molecules, as for example coordination complexes in inorganic chemistry and protein complexes in biochemistry.	An assemblage of related things; a collection.	An organized cluster of thunderstorms.
complex	verb	To complicate.	To form a complex with another substance
cop	verb	To (be forced to) take; to receive; to shoulder; to bear, especially blame or punishment for a particular instance of wrongdoing.	To admit, especially to a crime or wrongdoing.	To adopt.	To obtain, to purchase (items including but not limited to drugs), to get hold of, to take.	To recruit a prostitute into the stable.	To see and record a railway locomotive for the first time.	To steal.
cop	noun	A merlon.	A police officer or prison guard.	A roughly dome-shaped piece of armor, especially one covering the shoulder, the elbow, or the knee.	A spider.	A tube or quill upon which silk is wound.	The ball of thread wound on to the spindle in a spinning machine.	The top, summit, especially of a hill.
belt	noun	A band of armor along the sides of a warship, protecting the ship's vital spaces.	A band that is used in a machine to help transfer motion or power.	A band used as a restraint for safety purposes, such as a seat belt.	A band worn around the waist to hold clothing to one's body (usually pants), hold weapons (such as a gun or sword), or serve as a decorative piece of clothing.	A collection of small bodies (such as asteroids) which orbit a star.	A device that holds and feeds cartridges into a belt-fed weapon.	A geographical region known for a particular product, feature or demographic (Corn Belt, Bible Belt, Black Belt, Green Belt).	A mostly-continuous, often curvilinear structure expressed on the surface or in the subsurface of a terrestrial planet or other solid planemo, such as a mountain belt, a fold and thrust belt, or an ore belt.	A powerful blow, often made with a fist or heavy object.	A quick drink of liquor.	A trophy in the shape of a belt, generally awarded for martial arts.	A vocal tone produced by singing with chest voice above the break (or passaggio), in a range typically sung in head voice.	Anything that resembles a belt, or that encircles or crosses like a belt; a strip or stripe.	One of certain girdles or zones on the surface of the planets Jupiter and Saturn, supposed to be of the nature of clouds.	The part of the strike zone at the height of the batter's waist.
belt	verb	To drink quickly, often in gulps.	To encircle.	To fasten a belt on.	To hit a pitched ball a long distance, usually for a home run.	To hit someone or something.	To hit with a belt.	To invest (a person) with a belt as part of a formal ceremony such as knighthood.	To move very fast.	To scream or sing in a loud, strong manner.
chat	verb	To be engaged in informal conversation.	To chat shit (to speak nonsense, to lie).	To exchange text or voice messages in real time through a computer network such as a social media chat room or messaging application (as if having a face-to-face conversation instead of SMS or writing emails or letters).	To talk more than a few words.	To talk of; to discuss.
chat	noun	A chat room, especially (in later use) one accompanying a videoconference or live stream.	A louse (small, parasitic insect).	A small potato, such as is given to swine.	Alternative form of chaat.	An exchange of text or voice messages in real time through a computer network, resembling a face-to-face conversation.	Any of several small Australian honeyeaters in the genus Epthianura.	Any of various small Old World passerine birds in the muscicapid tribe Saxicolini or subfamily Saxicolinae that feed on insects.	Familiar term of address for users on social media other than a chat room, as in "guys."	Informal conversation.	Mining waste from lead and zinc mines.	The entirety of users, viewed collectively, in a chat room, especially the chat room accompanying a live stream.
attach	verb	To adhere; to be attached.	To arrest, seize.	To come into legal operation in connection with anything; to vest.	To connect, in a figurative sense; to ascribe or attribute; to affix; with to.	To fasten, to join to (literally and figuratively).	To include an attachment with a communication (especially an email or other electronic communication).	To take, seize, or lay hold of.	To win the heart of; to connect by ties of love or self-interest; to attract; to fasten or bind by moral influence; with to.
offend	verb	To annoy, cause discomfort or resent.	To cause to stumble; to cause to sin or to fall.	To feel or become offended; to take insult.	To hurt the feelings of; to displease; to make angry; to insult.	To physically harm, pain.	To sin, transgress divine law or moral rules.	To transgress or violate a law or moral requirement.
dozen	noun	A large, unspecified number of, comfortably estimated in small multiples of twelve, thus generally implied to be significantly more than ten or twelve, but less than perhaps one or two hundred; many.	A set of twelve.	An old English measure of ore containing 12 hundredweight.	The number twelve.
festival	adj	Pertaining to a feast or feast day; festive. (Now only as the noun used attributively.)
festival	noun	A feast or feast day.	An event or series of special events centred on the celebration or promotion of some theme or aspect of the community, often held at regular intervals.	Fried cornbread.	In mythology, a set of celebrations in the honour of a god.
electric	adj	Being emotionally thrilling; electrifying.	Of or relating to an electronic version of a musical instrument that has an acoustic equivalent.	Of, relating to, produced by, operated with, or utilising electricity; electrical.
electric	noun	A substance or object which can be electrified; an insulator or non-conductor, like amber or glass.	An electric car, locomotive, train etc.	An electric powered version of something that was originally or is more commonly not electric.	An electric toothbrush.	An electric typewriter.	Electricity; the electricity supply.	Fencing with the use of a body wire, box, and related equipment to detect when a weapon has touched an opponent.
minister	noun	A person (either a layperson or an ordained clergy member) who is commissioned to perform some act on behalf of the Catholic Church.	A person who is trained to preach, to perform religious ceremonies, and to afford pastoral care at a Protestant church.	A politician who heads a ministry	A servant; a subordinate; an officer or assistant of inferior rank; hence, an agent, an instrument.	In diplomacy, the rank of diplomat directly below ambassador.
minister	verb	To afford, to give, to supply.	To attend to (the needs of); to tend; to take care (of); to give aid; to give service.	To function as a clergyman or as the officiant in church worship.
album	noun	A book specially designed to keep photographs, stamps, or autographs.	A collection, especially of literary items	A group of audio recordings, on any medium, intended for distribution as a group.	A jacket or cover for such a phonograph record.	A phonograph record that is composed of several tracks	In Ancient Rome, a white tablet or register on which the praetor's edicts and other public notices were recorded.
positive	adj	Actual, real, concrete, not theoretical or speculative.	Characterized by constructiveness or influence for the better.	Characterized by the existence or presence of distinguishing qualities or features, rather than by their absence.	Characterized by the presence of features which support a hypothesis.	Confirmed, straight-up.	Derived from an object by itself; not dependent on changing circumstances or relations.	Describing a verb that is not negated, especially in languages which have distinct positive and negative verb forms, e.g., Finnish.	Describing the primary sense of an adjective, adverb or noun; not comparative, superlative, augmentative nor diminutive.	Favorable, desirable by those interested or invested in that which is being judged.	Formally laid down.	Fully assured in opinion.	Good, desirable, healthful, pleasant, enjoyable.	Greater than zero.	HIV positive.	Having more protons than electrons.	Included, present, characterized by affirmation.	Of a visual image, true to the original in light, shade and colour values.	Optimistic.	Overconfident, dogmatic.	Stated definitively and without qualification.	Wholly what is expressed; colloquially downright, entire, outright.	basic; metallic; not acid; opposed to negative, and said of metals, bases, and basic radicals.	electropositive
positive	noun	A degree of comparison of adjectives and adverbs.	A favourable point or characteristic.	A positive image; one that displays true colors and shades, not their opposites or complements.	A positive result of a test.	A thing capable of being affirmed; something real or actual.	An adjective or adverb in the positive degree.	Something having a positive value in physics, such as an electric charge.	The positive plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell.
tire	verb	To become bored or impatient (with).	To become sleepy or weary.	To bore.	To dress or adorn.	To make sleepy or weary.	To seize, pull, and tear prey, as a hawk does.	To seize, rend, or tear something as prey; to be fixed upon, or engaged with, anything.
tire	noun	A child's apron covering the upper part of the body, and tied with tape or cord; a pinafore. Also tier.	A covering for the head; a headdress.	A tier, row, or rank.	Accoutrements, accessories.	Alternative spelling of tyre: The metal rim of a wheel, especially that of a railroad locomotive.	Alternative spelling of tyre: The rubber covering on a wheel.	Dress, clothes, attire.
partner	noun	A group financial arrangement in which each member contributes a set amount of money over a set period.	A member of a business or law partnership.	A spouse or other person with whom one shares a domestic, romantic or sexual bond.	Either of a pair of people or things that belong together.	One of the pieces of wood comprising the framework which strengthens the deck of a wooden ship around the holes through which the mast and other fittings pass.	Someone who is associated with another in a common activity or interest.	Someone with whom one dances in a two-person dance.	Someone with whom one plays on the same side in a game, such as card games or doubles tennis.
partner	verb	To join as a partner.	To work or perform as a partner.
height	noun	A high point.	A mountain, especially a very high one.	A quality of vowels, indicating the vertical position of the tongue relative to the roof of the mouth; in practice, the first formant, associated with the height of the tongue.	An area of land at the top of a cliff.	The amplitude of a sinusoid.	The distance from the base to the top of something.	The distance of something above the ground or some other chosen level.	The highest point or maximum degree.	The minimum distance from a vertex of a triangle to (the extension of) the edge opposite, namely along a line perpendicular to the edge.	The vertical distance from the ground to the highest part of a standing person or animal (withers in the case of a horse).
lightning	noun	A discharge of this kind.	A flash of light produced by short-duration, high-voltage discharge of electricity within a cloud, between clouds, or between a cloud and the earth.	Anything that moves very fast.	Gin.	Obsolete form of lightening.
lightning	adj	Extremely fast or sudden; moving (as if) at the speed of lightning.
lightning	verb	To produce lightning.
publish	verb	To announce to the public.	To be made available in a printed publication or other medium.	To disseminate (a message) publicly via a newsgroup, forum, blog, etc.	To have one's work accepted for a publication.	To issue (something, such as printed work) for distribution and/or sale.	To issue a medium (e.g. publication).	To issue the work of (an author).	To make (information such as an event) available to components that wish to be notified (subscribers).	To preach (as a Jehovah's Witness).
ignorance	noun	Sins committed through ignorance.	The condition of being uninformed or uneducated; lack of knowledge or information.
relation	noun	A member of one's extended family; a relative.	A relationship; the manner in which and tone with which people or states, etc. interact.	A set of ordered pairs; a binary relation.	A set of ordered tuples.	A set of tuples, implemented as a table in a relational database.	A statement of equality of two products of generators, used in the presentation of a group.	A subobject of a product of objects.	The act of intercourse.	The act of relating a story.	The manner in which two things may be associated.
register	noun	A book of such entries.	A certificate issued by the collector of customs of a port or district to the owner of a vessel, containing the description of a vessel, its name, ownership, and other material facts. It is kept on board the vessel, to be used as evidence of nationality or as a muniment of title.	A device that automatically records a quantity.	A distinct horizontal (or, more rarely, vertical) section of a work of art or inscription that is divided into several such sections.	A formal recording of names, events, transactions, etc.	A grille at the outflow of a ventilation duct, capable of being opened and closed to direct the air flow.	A list of received calls in a phone set.	A small unit of very fast memory that is directly accessible to the central processing unit, and is mostly used to store inputs, outputs, or intermediate results of computations.	A style of a language used in a particular context.	An entry in such a book.	An organ stop.	Clipping of cash register.	One who registers or records; a registrar; especially, a public officer charged with the duty of recording certain transactions or events.	The act of registering.	The exact alignment of lines, margins, and colors.	The inner part of the mould in which types are cast.	The part of a telegraphic apparatus that automatically records the message received.	The range of a voice or instrument.
register	verb	To be in proper alignment; to align or correspond exactly.	To buy the full version of trial software by providing one's details and payment.	To enter in a register; to enlist.	To express outward signs.	To make an impression.	To make or adjust so as to be properly or precisely aligned.	To occur; become realised or noticed; dawn on.	To perceive or comprehend; pick up on.	To place one's name, or have one's name placed in a register.	To record officially and handle specially.	To record, especially in writing.	To sign-up, especially to vote.	To voluntarily sign over for safe keeping, abandoning complete ownership for partial.
slightly	adv	Slenderly; delicately.	To a small extent or degree.
particularly	adv	Especially, extremely.	In a particular manner; fussily.	In detail; with regard to particulars.	Specifically, uniquely or individually.	To a great extent.
candidate	noun	A gene which may play a role in a given disease.	A participant in an examination.	A person who is thought likely or worthy to gain a position or privilege.	A person who seeks to be elected or appointed to a position or privilege.	Someone or something likely or suited to undergo or be chosen for a purpose.
candidate	verb	To make or name (something) as a candidate (to be chosen or deemed suitable for a purpose).	To make white; to whitewash.	To stand as a candidate for an office, typically for a religious one.
treatment	noun	A brief, third-person, present-tense summary of a proposed film.	A treatise; a formal written description or characterization of a subject.	Medical care for an illness or injury.	The process or manner of treating someone or something.	The use of a substance or process to preserve or give particular properties to something.	entertainment; treat
postpone	verb	To delay or put off an event, appointment, etc.	To place after in order; to deem less important.
sin	noun	A flaw or mistake.	A letter of the Arabic alphabet; س	A letter of the Hebrew alphabet; שׂ	A misdeed or wrong.	A sin offering; a sacrifice for sin.	A violation of divine will or religious law.	Alternative form of sinh (“tube skirt”).	An embodiment of sin; a very wicked person.	Sinfulness, depravity, iniquity.	sin bin
sin	verb	To commit a sin.
grave	noun	A count, prefect, or person holding office.	A grave accent, the diacritic mark `.	A kilogram.	An excavation in the earth as a place of burial.	Any place containing one or more corpses.	Any place of interment.	Death, destruction.	Deceased people; the dead.
grave	verb	To carve or cut, as letters or figures, on some hard substance; to engrave.	To carve out or give shape to, by cutting with a chisel; to sculpture.	To clean, as a vessel's bottom, of barnacles, grass, etc., and pay it over with pitch — so called because graves or greaves were formerly used for this purpose.	To dig.	To entomb; to bury.	To impress deeply (on the mind); to fix indelibly.	To write or delineate on hard substances, by means of incised lines; to practice engraving.
grave	adj	Characterised by a dignified sense of seriousness; not cheerful.	Dull, produced in the middle or back of the mouth. (See Grave and acute on Wikipedia.Wikipedia)	Influential, important; authoritative.	Low in pitch, tone etc.	Serious, in a negative sense; important, formidable.
Alice	name	A city in North Dakota.	A city, the county seat of Jim Wells County, Texas.	A female given name from the Germanic languages popular in England since the Middle Ages.	The city of Alice Springs, Australia.	The person or system that sends a message to another person or system conventionally known as Bob.
online	adj	Available on a computer system, even if not networked.	Available over, or delivered from, the Internet.	Connected to the Internet.	Immersed in Internet culture. (Usually modified by an intensifier such as extremely or terminally)	Of a computer: actively connected to the Internet or to some other communications service.	Of a generator or power plant: connected to the grid.	Of a system: active, particularly building facilities (such as power) or a factory or power plant.	Of a system: connected (generally electrically) to a larger network.
online	adv	While online; while in a running or active state, or connected to the Internet.
online	verb	To bring (a system, etc.) online; to promote to an active or running state.
constant	adj	Bounded above by a constant.	Consistent; logical.	Consistently recurring over time; persistent.	Firm; solid; not fluid.	Steady in purpose, action, feeling, etc.	Unchanged through time or space; permanent.
constant	noun	A quantity that remains at a fixed value throughout a given discussion.	An identifier that is bound to an invariant value; a fixed value given a name to aid in readability of source code.	Any property of an experiment, determined numerically, that does not change under given circumstances.	That which is permanent or invariable.
delight	noun	Joy; pleasure.	Something that gives great joy or pleasure.
delight	verb	To give delight to; to affect with great pleasure; to please highly.	To have or take great pleasure.
humor	noun	US spelling of humour.
humor	verb	US spelling of humour.
investigate	verb	To conduct an inquiry or examination.	To examine, look into, or scrutinize in order to discover something hidden or secret.	To inquire into or study in order to ascertain facts or information.
reliable	adj	Such that either a sent packet will reach its destination, even if it requires retransmission, or the sender will be told that it didn't.	Suitable or fit to be relied on; worthy of dependence, reliance or trust; dependable, trustworthy
reliable	noun	Something or someone reliable or dependable
Year		
stuck	verb	simple past and past participle of stick (archaic sticked)
stuck	adj	In the situation of having no money.	No longer functioning, frozen up, frozen.	Unable to move.	Unable to progress with a task.
stuck	noun	A thrust, especially with a lance or sword.
neighbour	noun	A fellow human being.	A person living on adjacent or nearby land; a person situated adjacently or nearby; anything (of the same type of thing as the subject) in an adjacent or nearby position.	Anything located directly adjacent to something else.	One who is near in sympathy or confidence.
neighbour	verb	To associate intimately with; to be close to.	To be adjacent to	To be similar to, to be almost the same as.
poverty	noun	A deficiency of something needed or desired	The quality or state of being poor; lack of money
plastic	noun	A sculptor, moulder.	A synthetic, solid, hydrocarbon-based polymer, whether thermoplastic or thermosetting.	An instance of plastic surgery.	Any solid but malleable substance.	Credit or debit cards used in place of cash to buy goods and services.	Insincerity; fakeness; a person who is fake or arrogant, or believes that they are better than the rest of the population; a narcissistic, affected person.
plastic	adj	Capable of adapting to varying conditions; characterized by environmental adaptability.	Capable of being moulded; malleable, flexible, pliant.	Creative, formative.	Escaped from captivity, rather than wild.	Fake, insincere, especially in a shallow and conformist way pretending to smoothness and glossy flawlessness.	Inferior or not the real thing.	Introduced, rather than native or naturally vagrant.	Made of plastic.	Of or pertaining to the inelastic, non-brittle, deformation of a material.	Producing tissue.
cloth	noun	A fabric, usually made of woven, knitted, or felted fibres or filaments, such as used in dressing, decorating, cleaning or other practical use.	A form of attire that represents a particular profession or status.	A piece of cloth used for a particular purpose.	Appearance; seeming.	Specifically, a tablecloth, especially as spread before a meal or removed afterwards.	Substance or essence; the whole of something complex.	The priesthood.
legal	adj	Above the age of consent or the legal drinking age.	Being established, permitted, required or prescribed by law.	Following the rules or syntax of a system, such as a game or a programming language.	Having its basis in the law.	Measuring 8½ in × 13 in.	Measuring 8½ in × 14 in.	Permitting the use and/or sale of cannabis; in which cannabis is lawful.	Relating to the law or to lawyers.
legal	noun	A spy who is attached to, and ostensibly employed by, an embassy, military outpost, etc.	Paper in sheets 8½ in × 14 in (215.9 mm × 355.6 mm).	Somebody who immigrated lawfully.	The legal department of a company.
element	noun	A basic, simple substance out of which something is made, raw material.	A chemical substance made entirely of one such type of atom; any one of the simplest chemical substances that cannot be decomposed in a chemical reaction or by any chemical means and made up of atoms all having the same number of protons.	A component in electrical equipment, often in the form of a coil, having a high resistance, thereby generating heat when a current is passed through it.	A factor, one of the conditions contributing to a result.	A group of people within a larger group having a particular common characteristic.	A place or state of being that a person or object is best suited to.	A required aspect or component of a cause of action. A deed is regarded as a violation of law only if each element can be proved.	A small but present amount of a quality, a hint.	A small part of the whole.	An infinitesimal interval of a quantity, a differential.	An orbital element; one of the parameters needed to uniquely specify a particular orbit.	Any of the teeth of a zip fastener.	Any one of the heavenly spheres believed to carry the celestial bodies in premodern cosmology.	Any one of the types of atom distinguished by having a certain number of protons in its nucleus.	Atmospheric forces such as strong winds and rains.	One of the conceptual objects in a markup language, usually represented in text by tags.	One of the entries of a matrix.	One of the four basic building blocks of matter in theories of ancient philosophers and alchemists: water, earth, fire, and air.	One of the objects in a set.	One of the simplest or essential parts or principles of which anything consists, or upon which the constitution or fundamental powers of anything are based.	The basic principles of a field of knowledge, basics, fundamentals, rudiments.	The bread and wine taken at Holy Communion.	The sky.
element	verb	To compound (something) out of elements.	To constitute and be the elements of (something).
teaching	noun	Something taught by a religious or philosophical authority.	The profession of educating people; the activity that a teacher does when he/she teaches.
teaching	verb	present participle and gerund of teach
whistle	noun	A device designed to be placed in the mouth and blown, or driven by steam or some other mechanism, to make a whistling sound.	A shrill, high-pitched sound made by whistling.	A suit (from whistle and flute).	An act of whistling.	Any high-pitched sound similar to the sound made by whistling.	The mouth and throat; so called as being the organs of whistling.
whistle	verb	To make a shrill, high-pitched sound by forcing air through the mouth. To produce a whistling sound, restrictions to the flow of air are created using the teeth, tongue and lips.	To make a similar sound by forcing air through a musical instrument or a pipe etc.	To move in such a way as to create a whistling sound.	To request admission to Opus Dei, a Roman Catholic organization.	To send, signal, or call by a whistle.
loudly	adv	In a loud manner; at a high volume.
punch	noun	A beverage, generally containing a mixture of fruit juice and some other beverage, often alcoholic.	A blow from something other than the fist.	A device, generally slender and round, used for creating holes in thin material, for driving an object through a hole in a containing object, or to stamp or emboss a mark or design on a surface.	A hit or strike with one's fist.	A hole or opening created with a punch.	A mechanism for punching holes in paper or other thin material.	A prop, as for the roof of a mine.	An extension piece applied to the top of a pile; a dolly.	Any of various riodinid butterflies of the genus Dodona of Asia.	Impact.	Power, strength, energy.
punch	verb	Ellipsis of punch above one's weight, especially, to date somebody more attractive than oneself.	To emphasize; to give emphasis to.	To employ a punch to create a hole in or stamp or emboss a mark on something.	To enter (information) on a device or system.	To herd.	To hit (a ball or similar object) with less than full force.	To make holes in something (rail ticket, leather belt, etc) (see also the verb under Etymology 2).	To mark a ticket.	To operate (a device or system) by depressing a button, key, bar, or pedal, or by similar means.	To perform pigeage: to stamp down grape skins that float to the surface during fermentation.	To strike with one's fist.	To thrust against; to poke.
Indian	adj	Designating any of various chess openings now characterised by black's attempt to control the board through knights and fianchettoed bishops rather than with a central pawn advance.	Eastern; Oriental.	Made with Indian corn or maize.	Of or relating to India or its people; or (formerly) of the East Indies.	Of or relating to the indigenous peoples of the Americas.
Indian	noun	A kind of marble (spherical toy) with colored bands on an opaque black base.	A person from India.	An American Indian, a member of one of the indigenous peoples of the Americas (generally excluding the Aleut, Inuit, Metis, and Yupik).	An indigenous inhabitant of Australia, New Zealand or the Pacific islands.	Ellipsis of Indian cuisine.	Ellipsis of Indian meal (“meal consisting of Indian cuisine”).	Ellipsis of Indian restaurant (“restaurant serving Indian cuisine”).	Ellipsis of Mardi Gras Indian.
Indian	name	Any language spoken by natives of India, especially Hindi.	Any of the (unrelated) languages spoken by American Indians.
a.m.	adv	In the 12-hour period from midnight to noon (the first half of the day) when using the 12-hour clock.
a.m.	adj	Initialism of ad modum.
spider	noun	A cast-iron frying pan with three legs, once common in open-hearth cookery.	A competition in which several participants are spread evenly around the edges of the green, who all make one bowl towards the central jack at the same time; the winner being the person whose bowl ends up closest to the jack.	A float (drink) made by mixing ice-cream and a soda or fizzy drink (such as lemonade).	A man who persistently approaches or accosts a woman in a public social setting, particularly in a bar.	A part of a crank, to which the chainrings are attached.	A program which follows links on the World Wide Web in order to gather information.	A skeleton or frame with radiating arms or members, often connected by crosspieces, such as a casting forming the hub and spokes to which the rim of a fly wheel or large gear is bolted; the body of a piston head; or a frame for strengthening a core or mould for a casting.	A soft-hackle fly.	A spider graph or spider tree.	A spindly person.	A stick with a convex arch-shaped notched head used to support the cue when the cue ball is out of reach at normal extension.	A support for a camera tripod, preventing it from sliding.	A type of light phaeton.	An alcoholic drink made with brandy and lemonade or ginger beer.	Any of various eight-legged, predatory arthropods, of the order Araneae, most of which spin webs to catch prey.	Heroin.	Implement for moving food in and out of hot oil for deep frying, with a circular metal mesh attached to a long handle; a spider skimmer	Part of a resonator instrument that transmits string vibrations from the bridge to a resonator cone at multiple points.	The network of wires separating the areas of a dartboard.
spider	verb	To cover a surface like a cobweb.	To follow links on the World Wide Web in order to gather information.	To move like a spider.
banana	noun	A banana equivalent dose.	A banana kick.	A catamorphism (from the use of banana brackets in the notation).	A person of Chinese descent who cannot speak Mandarin or any Chinese dialect	A person of East or Southeast Asian descent, considered to be overly assimilated and subservient to white authority.	A yellow color, like that of a banana's skin.	An elongated curved tropical fruit of a banana plant, which grows in bunches and has a creamy flesh and a smooth skin.	In particular, the sweet, yellow fruit of the Cavendish banana cultivar, which may be eaten raw, as distinct from e.g. a plantain for cooking.	The penis.	The tropical tree-like plant which bears clusters of bananas, a plant of the genus Musa (but sometimes also including plants from Ensete), which has large, elongated leaves.
banana	adj	Curved like a banana, especially of a ball in flight.
religious	adj	Belonging or pertaining to a religious order or religious congregation.	Committed to the practice or adherence of religion.	Concerning religion.	Highly dedicated, as one would be to a religion.
religious	noun	A member of a religious order, congregation, or certain other forms of consecrated life, i.e. a monk, nun, sister, brother, friar, or other religious priest.
magic	noun	A specific ritual or procedure associated with such magic; a spell; a magical ability.	Complicated or esoteric code that is not expected to be generally understood.	One such conjuring trick or illusion.	Something producing successful and remarkable results, especially when not fully understood; an enchanting quality; exceptional skill.	The ability to cast a magic spell.	The application of rituals or actions, especially those based on occult knowledge, to subdue or manipulate natural or supernatural beings and forces in order to have some benefit from them.	The art or practice of performing conjuring tricks and illusions to give the appearance of supernatural phenomena or powers.	The supernatural forces which are drawn on in such a ritual.
magic	adj	Being a literal number or string value with no meaning or context, not defined as a constant or variable	Describing the number of nucleons in a particularly stable isotopic nucleus; 2, 8, 20, 28, 50, 82, 126, and 184.	Great; excellent.	Having supernatural talents, properties or qualities attributed to magic.	Pertaining to conjuring tricks or illusions performed for entertainment etc.	Producing extraordinary results, as though through the use of magic.
magic	verb	To produce, transform (something), (as if) by magic.
raw	adj	(of food) Not cooked.	Candid in a representation of unpleasant facts, conditions, etc.	Crude in quality; rough, uneven, unsophisticated.	Having had the skin removed or abraded; chafed, tender; exposed, lacerated.	New or inexperienced.	Not covered; bare; bald.	Not treated or processed; in a natural state, unrefined, unprocessed. (of materials, products, etc.)	Subsisting on, or pertaining to, a diet of raw food.	Uncorrected, without analysis.	Unmasked, undisguised, strongly expressed. (of an emotion, personality, etc.)	Unpleasantly cold or damp. (of weather)	Unrefined, crude, or insensitive, especially with reference to sexual matters. (of language)	Without a condom.
raw	adv	Without a condom.
raw	noun	A galled place; an inveterate sore.	A point about which a person is particularly sensitive.	A recording or rip of a show that has not been fansubbed.	A scan that has not been cleaned (purged of blemishes arising from the scanning process) and has not been scanlated.	An unprocessed sugar; a batch of such.
raw	verb	To sexually penetrate without a condom.
violin	noun	A small unfretted stringed instrument with four strings tuned (lowest to highest) G-D-A-E, usually held against the chin and played with a bow.	A violinist in an orchestra or group.	Any instrument of the violin family, always inclusive of violins, violas and cellos, and sometimes further including the double bass.
violin	verb	To play on, or as if on, a violin.
bee	noun	A community gathering to share labour, e.g. a sewing bee or a quilting bee.	A contest, especially for spelling; see spelling bee.	A flying insect, of the clade Anthophila within the hymenopteran superfamily Apoidea, known for its organised societies (though only a minority have them), for collecting pollen and (in some species) producing wax and honey.	A ring or torque; a bracelet.	Any of the pieces of hard wood bolted to the sides of the bowsprit, to reeve the fore-topmast stays through.	Any stinging flying insect, especially a wasp.	The name of the Latin-script letter B/b.
bee	verb	Obsolete spelling of be.	past participle of be; been
fluently	adv	In a fluent manner, as expressing oneself easily, especially in a foreign language.	In a fluent manner, as having graceful movements.	In a fluent manner, as literally flowing.
pollution	noun	Moral or spiritual corruption; impurity, degradation, defilement.	Physical contamination, now especially the contamination of the environment by harmful substances, or by disruptive levels of noise, light etc.	Something that pollutes; a pollutant.	The desecration of something holy or sacred; defilement, profanation.	The ejaculation of semen outside of sexual intercourse, especially a nocturnal emission.
motion	noun	A change from one place to another.	A change of position with respect to time.	A formal request, oral or written, made to a judge or court of law to obtain an official court ruling or order for a legal action to be taken by, or on behalf of, the movant.	A movement of the bowels; the product of such movement.	A parliamentary action to propose something. A similar procedure in any official or business meeting.	A piece of moving mechanism, such as on a steam locomotive.	A puppet, or puppet show.	A state of progression from one place to another.	An entertainment or show, especially a puppet show.	Change of pitch in successive sounds, whether in the same part or in groups of parts. (Conjunct motion is that by single degrees of the scale. Contrary motion is when parts move in opposite directions. Disjunct motion is motion by skips. Oblique motion is when one part is stationary while another moves. Similar or direct motion is when parts move in the same direction.)	Movement of the mind, desires, or passions; mental act, or impulse to any action; internal activity.	from κίνησις (kinesis); any change. Traditionally of four types: generation and corruption, alteration, augmentation and diminution, and change of place.
motion	verb	To gesture indicating a desired movement.	To introduce a motion in parliamentary procedure.	To make a proposal; to offer plans.
active	adj	(of a homosexual man) enjoying a role in anal sex in which he penetrates, rather than being penetrated by his partner.	About verbs.	Applied to a form of the verb; — opposed to passive. See active voice.	Applied to all verbs that express action as distinct from mere existence or state.	Applied to verbs which assert that the subject acts upon or affects something else; transitive.	Brisk; lively.	Eligible to be processed by a compiler or interpreter.	Emitting hot materials, such as lava, smoke, or steam, or producing tremors.	Given to action rather than contemplation; practical; operative	Given to action; constantly engaged in action; energetic; diligent; busy	Having the power or quality of acting; causing change; communicating action or motion; acting;—opposed to passive, that receives.	Implying or producing rapid action.	In action; actually proceeding; working; in force	Not passive.	Quick in physical movement; of an agile and vigorous body; nimble.	Requiring or implying action or exertion
active	noun	A person or thing that is acting or capable of acting.	Any component that is not passive. See Passivity (engineering).
directly	adv	Exactly; just; at the shortest possible distance.	Immediately.	In a direct manner; in a straight line or course.	In a straightforward way; without anything intervening; not by secondary but by direct means.	Plainly, without circumlocution or ambiguity; absolutely; in express terms.	Soon; next; in due time; as soon as it becomes convenient.	Straightforwardly; honestly.
directly	conj	As soon as; immediately (elliptical for directly that/as/when)
mission	noun	A drug run.	A missionary expedition.	A number of people appointed to perform any service; a delegation; an embassy.	A set of tasks that fulfills a purpose or duty; an assignment set by an employer, or by oneself.	A settlement or building serving as a base for missionary work.	An infrequent gathering of religious believers in a parish, usually part of a larger regional event with a central theme.	An settlement predominantly inhabited by Indigenous Australians living in housing commission.	Dismissal; discharge from service	Third World charities, particularly those which preach as well as provide aid.
mission	verb	To do missionary work, proselytize.	To send on a mission.
understanding	noun	A reconciliation of differences.	An agreement of minds; harmony; something mutually understood or agreed upon.	An informal contract; a mutual agreement.	Opinion, judgement, or outlook.	Reason or intelligence; ability to grasp the full meaning of knowledge; ability to infer.	Sympathy.	The act of one that understands or comprehends; the mental process of discernment of meaning.
understanding	adj	Knowing; skilful.	Showing compassion, tolerance, and forbearance; sympathetically aware.
understanding	verb	present participle and gerund of understand
Chicago	name	A large city, the county seat of Cook County, in northeastern Illinois, United States, located on Lake Michigan.
pill	noun	A baseball.	A bullet (projectile).	A comical or entertaining person.	A contemptible, annoying, or unpleasant person.	A rounded rectangle containing a brief text caption indicating the tag or category that an item belongs to.	A small piece of any substance, for example a ball of fibers formed on the surface of a textile fabric by rubbing.	A small, usually round or cylindrical object designed for easy swallowing, usually containing some sort of medication.	An inlet on the coast; a small tidal pool or bay. Pill can occur in the name of such an inlet.	Contraceptive medication, usually in the form of a pill to be taken by a woman; an oral contraceptive pill.	Something offensive, unpleasant or nauseous which must be accepted or endured.	Such an object that is of solid constitution (usually of compressed, bonded powder) rather than a capsule (with a shell containing loose powder or liquid).	The peel or skin.
pill	verb	Of a woven fabric surface, to form small matted balls of fiber.	To be peeled; to peel off in flakes.	To blackball (a potential club member).	To form into the shape of a pill.	To medicate with pills; to administer pills to.	To peel; to make by removing the skin.	To peel; to remove the outer layer of hair, skin, or bark.	To persuade or convince someone of something.	To pillage; to despoil or impoverish.
puzzle	noun	A crossword puzzle.	A game for one or more people that is more or less difficult to work out or complete.	A jigsaw puzzle.	A riddle.	Anything that is difficult to understand or make sense of.	Something made with marvellous skill; something of ingenious construction.	The state of being puzzled; perplexity.
puzzle	verb	To make intricate or difficult to resolve; to entangle.	To perplex, confuse, or mystify; to cause (someone) to be faced with a mystery, without answers or an explanation.	To think long and carefully in bewilderment.
talented	adj	Endowed with one or more talents.
wealthy	adj	Abundant in quality or quantity; profuse.	Possessing financial wealth; rich.
wealthy	noun	A rich person.	Synonym of rich: the wealthy people of a society or of the world collectively.
nonsense	noun	A damaged DNA sequence whose products are not biologically active, that is, that does nothing.	A type of poetry that contains strange or surreal ideas, as, for example, that written by Edward Lear.	An untrue statement.	Letters or words, in writing or speech, that have no meaning or pattern or seem to have no meaning.	Something foolish.	That which is silly, illogical and lacks any meaning, reason or value; that which does not make sense.
nonsense	verb	To attempt to dismiss as nonsense; to ignore or belittle the significance of something; to render unimportant or puny.	To joke around, to waste time	To make nonsense of;
nonsense	adj	Nonsensical.	Resulting from the substitution of a nucleotide in a sense codon, causing it to become a stop codon (not coding for an amino-acid).
nonsense	intj	An emphatic rejection of something one has just heard and does not believe or agree with.
sensitive	adj	Accurate; able to register small changes in some property.	Being aware of the feelings of others and taking care not to offend them.	Capable of offending, upsetting, or hurting.	Easily offended, upset, or hurt.	Having paranormal abilities that can be controlled through mesmerism.	Having the faculty of sensation; pertaining to the senses.	Important, intricate, and requiring great delicacy.	Meant to be concealed or kept secret.	Responsive to stimuli.
sensitive	noun	A person with a paranormal sensitivity to something that most cannot perceive.
acquainted	adj	Personally known; familiar.
acquainted	verb	simple past and past participle of acquaint
superior	adj	(of a calyx) Above the ovary; said of parts of the flower which, although normally below the ovary, adhere to it, and so appear to originate from its upper part.	(of an ovary) Above and free from the other floral organs.	(of the radicle) Pointing toward the apex of the fruit.	Affecting or assuming an air of superiority.	Belonging to the part of an axillary flower which is toward the main stem.	Beyond the power or influence of; too great or firm to be subdued or affected by.	Courageously or serenely indifferent (as to something painful or disheartening).	Greater in size or power.	Greater or better than average.	Having a wider orbit around the Sun; typically with respect to the Earth.	Higher in rank, status, or quality.	Located above or higher, a direction that in humans corresponds to cephalad.	Located above or out; higher in position.	More comprehensive.	Of high standard or quality.	Printed in superscript.
superior	noun	A person of higher rank or quality, especially a colleague in a higher position.	A superior letter, figure, or symbol.	One who has made an original grant of heritable property to a tenant or vassal, on condition of a certain annual payment (feu duty) or of the performance of certain services.	The head of certain religious institutions and colleges.	The senior person in a monastic community.
slave	noun	A device (such as a secondary flash or hard drive) that is subject to the control of another (a master).	A drudge; one who labors or is obliged (e.g. by prior contract) to labor like a slave with limited rights, e.g. an indentured servant.	A person who is held in servitude as the property of another person, and whose labor (and often also whose body and life) is subject to the owner's volition and control.	A sex slave, a person who is forced against their will to perform, for another person or group, sexual acts on a regular or continuing basis.	A submissive partner in a BDSM relationship who consensually submits to, sexually or personally, serving one or more masters or mistresses.	An abject person.	One who has no power of resistance to something, one who surrenders to or is under the domination of something.
slave	verb	To place a device under the control of another.	To work as a slaver, to enslave people.	To work hard.
effective	adj	Actually in effect.	Efficient, serviceable, or operative, available for useful work.	Having no negative coefficients.	Having the power to produce a required effect or effects.	Producing a decided or decisive effect.	Such that no group element acts trivially.	approximate; Not describing the fundamental dynamic changes in some system as they happen.
effective	noun	a soldier fit for duty
process	noun	A path or succession of states through which a system passes.	A series of events leading to a result or product.	An executable task or program.	An outgrowth of tissue arising above a surface, such as might form part of a joint or the attachment point for a muscle.	Documents issued by a court in the course of a lawsuit or action at law, such as a summons, mandate, or writ.	Successive physiological responses to keep or restore health.	The centre mark that players aim at in the game of squails.	The set of procedures used in the manufacture of a product, especially in the food and chemical industries.
process	verb	To develop photographic film.	To perform a particular process on a thing.	To retrieve, store, classify, manipulate, transmit etc. (data, signals, etc.), especially using computer techniques.	To take legal proceedings against.	To think about a piece of information, or a concept, in order to assimilate it, and perhaps accept it in a modified state.	To walk in a procession, especially in a liturgical context.
nearby	adj	Adjacent, near, close by.
nearby	adv	Next to, close to.
nearby	noun	A futures contract, of a particular group, whose settlement date is the earliest.
faint	adj	Barely perceptible; not bright, or loud, or sharp	Lacking courage, spirit, or energy; cowardly; dejected	Lacking strength; weak; languid; inclined to lose consciousness	Performed, done, or acted, weakly; not exhibiting vigor, strength, or energy	Sickly, so as to make a person feel faint.	Slight; minimal.
faint	noun	The act of fainting, syncope.	The state of one who has fainted; a swoon.
faint	verb	To decay; to disappear; to vanish.	To lose consciousness through a lack of oxygen or nutrients to the brain, usually as a result of suddenly reduced blood flow (may be caused by emotional trauma, loss of blood or various medical conditions).	To lose courage or spirit; to become depressed or despondent.
wont	noun	One's habitual way of doing things; custom, habit, practice.
wont	adj	Accustomed or used (to or with a thing), accustomed or apt (to do something).
wont	verb	To be accustomed (to something), to be in the habit (of doing something).	To make (someone) used to; to accustom.
confirm	verb	To administer the sacrament of confirmation on (someone).	To approve a proposal or nomination.	To assure the accuracy of previous statements.	To strengthen; to make firm or resolute.
confirm	adv	For sure, definitely.
laughter	noun	A movement (usually involuntary) of the muscles of the laughing face, particularly of the lips, and of the whole body, with a peculiar expression of the eyes, indicating merriment, satisfaction or derision, and usually attended by a sonorous and interrupted expulsion of air from the lungs.	A reason for merriment.	The sound of laughing, produced by air so expelled; any similar sound.
existence	noun	Empirical reality; the substance of the physical universe. (Dictionary of Philosophy; 1968)	The state of being, existing, or occurring; beinghood.
client	noun	A customer, a buyer or receiver of goods or services.	A person who employs or retains an attorney to represent him or her in any legal matter, or one who merely divulges confidential matters to an attorney while pursuing professional assistance without subsequently retaining the attorney.	A person who receives help or services from a professional such as a lawyer or accountant.	Ellipsis of client state.	In ancient Rome, retainers and followers associated with a gens.	The role of a computer application or system that requests and/or consumes the services provided by another having the role of server.
cinema	noun	A movie theatre, a movie house	A sophisticated or exemplary film, representative of the art of cinema.	Any media or event that is exemplary.	Films collectively.	The art of making films and movies; cinematography	The film and movie industry.
wing	noun	A cosmetic effect where eyeliner curves outward and ends at a point.	A faction of a political movement. Usually implies a position apart from the mainstream center position.	A fin at the side of a ray or similar fish.	A háček.	A larger formation of two or more groups, which in turn control two or more squadrons.	A panel of a car which encloses the wheel area, especially the front wheels.	A part of something that is lesser in size than the main body, and located at the side, such as an extension from the main building.	A platform on either side of the bridge of a vessel, normally found in pairs.	A player occupying such a position, also called a winger	A portable shelter consisting of a fabric roof on a frame, like a tent without sides.	A position in several field games on either side of the field.	A protruding piece of material on a menstrual pad or diaper to hold it in place and prevent leakage.	A side shoot of a tree or plant; a branch growing up by the side of another.	A unit of command consisting of two or more squadrons and itself being a sub-unit of a group or station.	An appendage of an animal's (bird, bat, insect) body that enables it to fly.	An organizational grouping in a military aviation service:	An ornament worn on the shoulder; a small epaulet or shoulder knot.	Any membranaceous expansion, such as that along the sides of certain stems, or one of the bracts on a dragon fruit, or of a fruit of the kind called samara.	Anything that agitates the air as a wing does, or is put in winglike motion by the action of the air, such as a fan or vane for winnowing grain, the vane or sail of a windmill, the sail of a ship, etc.	Either of the two side petals of a papilionaceous flower.	Ellipsis of prison wing, a cellblock; or prison or doing time by extension.	Human arm.	Limb or instrument of flight; means of flight or of rapid motion.	On the enneagram, one of the two adjacent types to an enneatype that forms an individual's subtype of his or her enneatype.	One of the broad, thin, anterior lobes of the foot of a pteropod, used as an organ in swimming.	One of the large pectoral fins of a flying fish.	One of the longer sides of crownworks or hornworks in fortification.	One of the unseen areas on the side of the stage in a theatre.	Part of an aircraft that produces the lift for rising into the air.	Passage by flying; flight.	That part of the hold or orlop of a vessel which is nearest the sides. In a fleet, one of the extremities when the ships are drawn up in line, or when forming the two sides of a triangle.	The insignia of a qualified pilot or aircrew member.
wing	verb	To act or speak extemporaneously; to improvise; to wing it.	To add a wing (extra part) to.	To fly.	To furnish with wings.	To injure slightly (as with a gunshot), especially in the wing or arm.	To throw.	To transport with, or as if with, wings; to bear in flight, or speedily.	To traverse by flying.
Jesus	name	A male given name from Aramaic.	A male given name from Spanish in Spanish culture; an anglicized spelling of Jesús.	Ellipsis of Jesus College, Cambridge.	Ellipsis of Jesus College, Oxford.	Jesus of Nazareth, a first-century Jewish religious preacher and craftsman (commonly understood to have been a carpenter) from Galilee held to be a prophet, teacher, the son of God, and the Messiah, or Christ, in Christianity; also called "Jesus Christ" by Christians. Held to be a prophet by Muslims and Baháʼís. Also called "the historical Jesus" from a historiographic viewpoint or a secular one.	One of a variety of persons or entities in western Manichaeism, of whom some correspond closely to the Christian conception of Jesus of Nazareth.
Jesus	noun	The Christian savior.
Jesus	intj	An exclamation, particularly used to express excitement or exasperation.
Jesus	verb	To exclaim "Jesus" (at).	To subject to (excessive) Christian proselytizing, preaching, or moralizing.
everyones		
detective	noun	A person employed to find information not otherwise available to the public.	A police officer tasked with collecting evidence and information in order to solve a crime; an investigator.
detective	adj	Employed in detecting.
pig	noun	A Cadillac car.	A Harley-Davidson motorcycle.	A device for cleaning or inspecting the inside of an oil or gas pipeline, or for separating different substances within the pipeline. Named for the pig-like squealing noise made by their progress.	A difficult problem.	A dirty or slovenly person.	A lead container used for radioactive waste.	A lecherous or sexist man.	A light pinkish-red colour, like that of a pig (also called pig pink).	A police officer.	A simple dice game in which players roll the dice as many times as they like, either accumulating a greater score or losing previous points gained.	A sixpence.	A young swine, a piglet (contrasted with a hog, an adult swine).	An earthenware pot or jar	An earthenware vessel used as a hot-water bottle	An obese person.	An oblong block of cast metal (now only iron or lead).	Any of several mammalian species of the genus Sus or the family Suidae, having cloven hooves, bristles and a snout adapted for digging; especially the domesticated animal Sus domesticus.	Someone who overeats or eats rapidly and noisily.	The edible meat of such an animal; pork.	The general-purpose M60 machine gun, considered to be heavy and bulky.	The mold in which a block of metal is cast.
pig	verb	To clean (a pipeline) using a pig (the device).	To give birth.	To greedily consume (especially food).	To huddle or lie together like pigs, in one bed.	To live together in a crowded filthy manner.
currently	adv	At this moment, at present, now.
personality	noun	A celebrity, especially one with a strong media presence (e.g. an actor, singer, or sports player).	A set of female breasts; a rack; (also occasionally) an individual breast.	A set of non-physical psychological and social qualities that make one person distinct from another.	A set of qualities that make something distinctive or interesting.	An assumed role or manner of behavior.	Charisma, or qualities that make a person stand out from the crowd.	Something said or written which refers to the person, conduct, etc., of some individual, especially something of a disparaging or offensive nature; personal remarks.	That quality of a law which concerns the condition, state, and capacity of persons.
lamp	noun	A device containing oil, burnt through a wick for illumination; an oil lamp.	A device that generates heat, light or other radiation. Especially an electric light bulb.	A piece of furniture holding one or more electric light sockets.
lamp	verb	To hang out or chill; to do nothing in particular.	To hit, clout, belt, wallop.	To hunt at night using a lamp, during which bright lights are used to dazzle the hunted animal or to attract insects for capture.	To make into a table lamp, said of a vase or urn, etc.
regular	adj	A von Neumann regular: such that every left module (over the given ring) is flat.	Both equilateral and equiangular; having all sides of the same length, and all (corresponding) angles of the same size	Bound by religious rule; belonging to a monastic or religious order (often as opposed to secular).	Demonstrating a consistent set of rules; showing order, evenness of operation or occurrence.	Exemplary; excellent example of; utter, downright.	Following a set or common pattern; according to the normal rules of a given language.	Happening at constant (especially short) intervals.	Having a constant pattern; showing evenness of form or appearance.	Having all the parts of the same kind alike in size and shape.	Having bowel movements or menstrual periods at constant intervals in the expected way.	Having the expected characteristics or appearances; normal, ordinary, standard.	Isometric.	Noetherian and such that the minimal number of generators of the maximal ideal is equal to the Krull dimension of the ring.	Of a moon or other satellite: following a relatively close and prograde orbit with little inclination or eccentricity.	Permanently organised; being part of a set professional body of troops.	Riding with the left foot forward.	Such that every set in its domain is both outer regular and inner regular.	Such that the local ring at every point is regular.	Well-behaved, orderly; restrained (of a lifestyle etc.).	Whose faces are all congruent regular polygons, equally inclined to each other.
regular	adv	Regularly, on a regular basis.
regular	noun	A coffee with one cream and one sugar.	A fixed number for each month serving to ascertain the day of the week, or the age of the moon, on the first day of any month.	A frequent customer, client or business partner.	A frequent, routine visitor to an establishment.	A member of a religious order who has taken the three ordinary vows.	A member of an armed forces or police force.	A member of the British Army (as opposed to a member of the Territorial Army or Reserve).	A number for each year, giving, added to the concurrents, the number of the day of the week on which the Paschal full moon falls.	Anything that is normal or standard.	Synonym of regular serviceman; a soldier in the Singapore Armed Forces who has chosen to work full-time beyond their required length of service in the army.
threat	noun	A person or object that is regarded as a danger; a menace.	An expression of intent to injure or punish another.	An indication of potential or imminent danger.
threat	verb	To press; urge; compel.	To threaten.	To use threats; act or speak menacingly; threaten.
communicate	verb	To administer the Holy Communion to (someone).	To be connected by means of an opening or channel [with with ‘another room, vessel etc.’].	To express or convey ideas, either through verbal or nonverbal means; to have intercourse, to exchange information.	To impart or transmit (an intangible quantity, substance); to give a share of.	To impart or transmit (information or knowledge) to someone; to make known, to tell.	To impart.	To pass on (a disease) to another person, animal etc.	To receive the bread and wine at a celebration of the Eucharist; to take part in Holy Communion.	To share	To share (in); to have in common, to partake of.
communicate	adj	Communicated, (made) commune, joined.
director	noun	A component of a Yagi–Uda antenna.	A counselor, confessor, or spiritual guide.	A device that displays graphical information concerning the targets of a weapons system in real time.	A member of a board of directors.	One who directs; the person in charge of managing a department or directorate (e.g., director of engineering), project, or production (as in a show or film, e.g., film director).	That which directs or orientates something.	The common axis of symmetry of the molecules of a liquid crystal.
vase	noun	An upright open container used mainly for displaying fresh, dried, or artificial flowers.	The body of the Corinthian capital.
vase	verb	To place in a vase or similar container.
chest	noun	A box, now usually a large strong box with a secure convex lid.	A chest of drawers.	A coffin.	A female human's breasts.	A hit or blow made with one's chest.	Debate; quarrel; strife; enmity.	The front (anterior) surface of this portion of the torso.	The place in which public money is kept; a treasury.	The portion of the human body from the base of the neck to the top of the abdomen; the homologous area in some other animals.
chest	verb	To deposit in a chest.	To hit with one's chest (front of one's body)	To place in a coffin.
baggage	noun	A woman.	An army's portable equipment; its baggage train.	Factors, especially psychological ones, which interfere with a person's ability to function effectively.	Portable cases, large bags, and similar equipment for manually carrying, pushing, or pulling personal items while traveling
impressed	adj	compelled to serve in a military force	confiscated by force or authority	stamped, under pressure	strongly affected, especially favourably
impressed	verb	simple past and past participle of impress
tour	noun	A circuit of snooker tournaments	A closed trail.	A going round; a circuit.	A guided visit to a particular place, or virtual place.	A journey through a given list of places, such as by an entertainer performing concerts.	A journey through a particular building, estate, country, etc.	A set of competitions which make up a championship.	A street and road race, frequently multiday.	A tour of duty.	A tower.	A trip taken to another country in which several matches are played.	A turn; a revolution.
tour	verb	To make a circuit of a place	To make a journey	To toot a horn.
gym	noun	A sports facility specialized for lifting weights, cardio machines, and other exercise (culturally differentiated from sense 1).	Clipping of gymnasium; especially, a school gymnasium.	Clipping of gymnastics, often as sense 4.	Physical education class (PE class).
gym	verb	To go to the gym.
appeal	noun	A call to a person or an authority for a decision, help, or proof; an entreaty, an invocation.	A call to, or the use of, a principle or quality for purposes of persuasion.	A person's legal right to apply to court for such a review.	A power to attract or interest.	A process which formerly might be instituted by one private person against another for some heinous crime demanding punishment for the particular injury suffered, rather than for the offence against the public; an accusation.	A resort to some physical means; a recourse.	A summons to defend one's honour in a duel, or one's innocence in a trial by combat; a challenge.	An accusation or charge against someone for wrongdoing (especially treason).	An application to a superior court or judge for a decision or order by an inferior court or judge to be reviewed and overturned.	At common law, an accusation made against a felon by one of their accomplices (called an approver).	The act, by the fielding side, of asking an umpire for a decision on whether a batsman is out or not.	The legal document or form by which such an application is made; also, the court case in which the application is argued.
appeal	verb	Of a fielding side; to ask an umpire for a decision on whether a batsman is out or not, usually by saying "How's that?" or "Howzat?".	Of a private person: to instituted legal proceedings (against another private person) for some heinous crime, demanding punishment for the particular injury suffered.	Of the accomplice of a felon: to make an accusation at common law against (the felon).	Often followed by against (the inferior court's decision) or to (the superior court): to apply to a superior court or judge for a decision or order by an inferior court or judge to be reviewed and overturned.	To accuse or charge (someone) with wrongdoing (especially treason).	To apply to a superior court or judge to review and overturn (a decision or order by an inferior court or judge).	To be attractive.	To call upon a person or an authority to corroborate a statement, to decide a controverted question, or to vindicate one's rights; to entreat, to invoke.	To call upon someone for a favour, help, etc.	To have recourse or resort to some physical means.	To summon (someone) to defend their honour in a duel, or their innocence in a trial by combat; to challenge.
8	verb	Abbreviation of ate.
guarantee	noun	A legal assurance of something, e.g. a security for the fulfillment of an obligation.	A person who gives such a guarantee; a guarantor.	A written declaration that a certain product will be fit for a purpose and work correctly; a warranty.	Anything that assures a certain outcome.	The person to whom a guarantee is made.
guarantee	verb	To assume or take responsibility for a debt or other obligation.	To give an assurance that something will be done right.	To make something certain.
reveal	noun	A revelation; an uncovering of what was hidden in the scene or story.	The outer side of a window or door frame.
reveal	verb	To communicate that which could not be known or discovered without divine or supernatural instruction.	To uncover; to show and display that which was hidden.
funeral	noun	A ceremony to honor and remember a deceased person, often distinguished from a memorial service by the presence of the body of the deceased.	A funeral sermon.
funeral	adj	Alternative spelling of funereal.
scientific	adj	Derived from or consistent with the scientific method.	In accord with the procedures, methods, conduct and accepted conventions of modern science.	Related or connected to science	Related or connected to science:
ceiling	noun	The highest altitude at which an aircraft can safely maintain flight.	The inner planking of a vessel.	The maximum permitted level in a financial transaction.	The measurement of visible distance from ground or sea level to an overcast cloud cover; under a clear sky, the ceiling measurement is identified as "unlimited."	The overhead closure of a room.	The overhead interior surface that covers the upper limits of a room.	The smallest integer greater than or equal to a given number.	The upper limit of an object or action.
ceiling	verb	present participle and gerund of ceil
maintain	verb	To declare or affirm (a clause) to be true; to assert.	To keep in good condition and working order.	To keep up; to preserve; to uphold (a state, condition etc.).	To support (someone), to back up or assist (someone) in an action.
Peter	noun	radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter P.
Peter	name	A census-designated place in Cache County, Utah, United States, named after Peter Maughan.	A male given name from Ancient Greek.	A surname originating as a patronymic.	The epistles of Peter in the New Testament of the Bible, 1 Peter and 2 Peter attributed to St. Peter.	The leading Apostle in the New Testament: Saint Peter.
lower	adj	Bottom; more towards the bottom than the middle of an object.	Older.	Situated on lower ground, nearer a coast, or more southerly.	comparative form of low: more low
lower	adv	comparative form of low: more low
lower	verb	Alternative spelling of lour.	To bring down; to humble	To decrease in value, amount, etc.	To depress as to direction	To fall; to sink; to grow less; to diminish; to decrease	To humble oneself; to do something one considers to be beneath one's dignity.	To let descend by its own weight, as something suspended; to let down	To make less elevated	To pull down	To reduce (something) in value, amount, etc.	To reduce operations to single machine instructions, as part of compilation of a program.	To reduce the degree, intensity, strength, etc., of	To reduce the height of
lower	noun	A bicycle suspension fork component.
atmosphere	noun	A unit of measurement for pressure equal to 101325 Pa (symbol: atm), approximately the atmospheric pressure at sea level.	Extras in a scene who have no spoken lines.	The air in a particular place.	The apparent mood felt in an environment.	The conditions (such as music, illumination etc.) that can influence the mood felt in an environment.	The gases surrounding the Earth or any astronomical body.
liberty	noun	A breach of social convention.	A local division of government administration in medieval England.	A short period when a sailor is allowed ashore.	An empty space next to a group of stones of the same color.	Freedom from excessive government control.	The condition of being free from imprisonment, slavery or forced labour.	The condition of being free to act, believe or express oneself as one chooses.	The condition of being free.
textbook	noun	A coursebook, a formal manual of instruction in a specific subject, especially one for use in schools or colleges.
textbook	adj	Done exactly correctly, in an exemplary way that might be described in a textbook.	Having the typical characteristics of some class of phenomenon, so that it might be included as an example in a textbook.	Learned from, or as if learned from, a textbook, as opposed to personal discovery or experience.	Of or pertaining to textbooks or their style, especially in being dry and pedagogical; textbooky, textbooklike.
suspicious	adj	Arousing suspicion.	Distrustful or tending to suspect.	Expressing suspicion
consult	noun	A council; a meeting for consultation.	A visit to consult somebody, such as a doctor; a consultation.	Agreement; concert.	The act of consulting or deliberating; consultation.	The result of consultation; determination; decision.
consult	verb	To advise or offer expertise.	To ask advice of; to seek the opinion of (a person)	To bring about by counsel or contrivance; to devise; to contrive.	To deliberate upon; to take for.	To have reference to, in judging or acting; to have regard to; to consider; as, to consult one's wishes.	To refer to (something) for information.	To seek the opinion or advice of another; to take counsel; to deliberate together; to confer; to advise.	To work as a consultant or contractor rather than as a full-time employee of a firm.
basic	adj	Elementary, simple, fundamental, merely functional.	Necessary, essential for life or some process.	Of or pertaining to a base; having a pH greater than 7.	Unremarkable or uninteresting; boring; uncool.
basic	noun	A necessary commodity, a staple requirement.	An elementary building block, e.g. a fundamental piece of knowledge.	Basic training.
Young	name	A British distinguishing surname transferred from the nickname for the younger of two people having the same given name.	A Chinese surname from Cantonese.	A Chinese surname from Hokkien.	A Chinese surname from Mandarin.	A city in Río Negro department, Uruguay.	A placename:	A surname from Chinese.	A surname.	A town in Hilltops council area, South West Slopes Region, New South Wales, Australia.	A village in Saskatchewan, Canada.	An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Gila County, Arizona, United States.	An unincorporated community in Brown Township, Morgan County, Indiana, United States.	An unincorporated community in Jackson County, West Virginia, United States.	Ellipsis of Mount Young.	Ellipsis of Young County.	Ellipsis of Young Lake.	Ellipsis of Young Parish.	Ellipsis of Young River.	Ellipsis of Young Township.
garbage	noun	A place or receptacle for waste material.	Allocated memory which is no longer in use but has not yet been deallocated.	An easy shot.	Data that are misinterpreted as another kind of data.	Food waste material of any kind.	Nonsense; gibberish.	Something or someone worthless.	The bowels of an animal; refuse parts of flesh; offal.	Useless or disposable material; waste material of any kind.	foul, rotten or unripe vegetable matter.
garbage	verb	to eviscerate
garbage	adj	bad, crap, shitty
growth	noun	An abnormal mass such as a tumor.	An increase in psychological strength or resilience; an increased ability to overcome adversity.	An increase in size, number, value, or strength.	Ellipsis of economic growth.	Something that grows or has grown.	The act of growing, getting bigger or higher.
surprised	adj	Caused to feel surprise, amazement or wonder, or showing an emotion due to an unexpected event.
surprised	verb	simple past and past participle of surprise
addition	noun	A dot at the right side of a note as an indication that its sound is to be lengthened one half.	A title annexed to a person's name to identify him or her more precisely.	Anything that is added.	Something added to a coat of arms, as a mark of honour.	The act of adding anything.	The arithmetic operation of adding.	an organic reaction where two or more molecules combine to form a larger one (the adduct).
Miss	noun	Form of address for a female teacher or a waitress.	Form of address, now used chiefly for an unmarried woman; used chiefly of girls before the mid-1700s, and thereafter used also of adult women without regard to marital status.	Used alone.	Used in a mock title to point out some quality, or alleged quality, of a girl or woman.	Used in title of the (female) winner of a beauty contest, or certain other types of contest, prefixing the country or other region that she represents, or the category of contest.	With a first name only.	With a full name.	With a surname.
south	noun	In a church: the direction to the right-hand side of a person facing the altar.	The direction towards the pole to the right-hand side of someone facing east, specifically 180°, or (on another celestial object) the direction towards the pole lying on the southern side of the invariable plane.	The negative or south pole of a magnet	The southern region or area; the inhabitants thereof.
south	adj	Designating, or situated in, the liturgical south.	Of or pertaining to the south; southern.	Pertaining to the part of a corridor used by southbound traffic.	Toward the south; southward.	from the south.
south	adv	Downward.	In an adverse direction or trend. (Mostly in go south.)	Of wind, from the south.	Toward the south; southward.
south	verb	To come to the meridian; to cross the north and south line.	To turn or move toward the south; to veer toward the south.
promote	verb	To advocate or urge on behalf of (something or someone); to attempt to popularize or sell by means of advertising or publicity.	To elevate to a higher league.	To encourage, urge or incite.	To exchange (a pawn) for a queen or other piece when it reaches the eighth rank.	To increase the activity of (a catalyst) by changing its surface structure.	To move on to a subsequent stage of education.	To raise (someone) to a more important, responsible, or remunerative job or rank.
physical	adj	Denoting a map showing natural features of the landscape (compare political).	Having to do with the body as opposed to the mind; corporeal, bodily.	In accordance with the laws of nature; now specifically, pertaining to physics.	Involving bodily force or contact; vigorous, aggressive.	Medicinal; good for the health, curative, therapeutic.	Of matter and nature.	Of medicine.	Of the human body.	Pertaining to the field of medicine; medical.	Pertaining to the world as understood through the senses rather than the mind; tangible, concrete; real. Having to do with the material world.	Sexual, carnal.	That practises medicine; pertaining to doctors, physicianly.
physical	noun	A physical manifestation of psychic origin, as through ectoplasmic solidification.	Physical examination.
bullet	noun	A cannonball.	A large scheduled repayment of the principal of a loan; a balloon payment.	A notation used on pop music charts to indicate that a song is climbing in the rankings.	A plumb or sinker.	A printed symbol in the form of a solid circle, “•”, often used to mark items in a list.	A projectile, usually of metal, shot from a gun at high speed.	A rejection letter, as for employment, admission to a school or a competition.	A roughly bullet-shaped sweet consisting of a cylinder of liquorice covered in chocolate.	A small ball.	A young or little bull; a male calf.	Ammunition for a sling or slingshot which has been manufactured for such use.	An ace (the playing card).	An entire round of unfired ammunition for a firearm, including the projectile, the cartridge casing, the propellant charge, etc.	Anything that is projected extremely fast.	Ellipsis of bullet chess.	One year of prison time.	The best workout time at a track on a given day at a specific distance, traditionally marked by a printer's bullet.	The fetlock of a horse.	The heavy projectile thrown in a game of road bowling.	Very fast (speedy).
bullet	verb	To draw attention to (text) by, or as if by, placing a graphic bullet in front of it.	To fire from a job; to dismiss.	To inflict bullet shots upon.	To make a shot, especially with great speed.	To speed, like a bullet.
employ	verb	To make busy; to preoccupy.	To provide (someone) with a new job; to hire.	To retain (someone) as an employee.	To use (someone or something) for a job or task.
employ	noun	An occupation.	The act of employing someone or making use of something; employment.	The state of being an employee; employment.
root	noun	A penis, especially the base of a penis.	A root vegetable.	A sexual partner.	A square root (understood if no power is specified; in which case, "the root of" is often abbreviated to "root").	A word from which another word or words are derived.	A zero (of an equation).	An act of rummaging or searching.	An act of sexual intercourse.	In UNIX terminology, the first user account with complete access to the operating system and its configuration, found at the root of the directory structure; the person who manages accounts on a UNIX system.	Of a number or expression, a number which, when raised to a specified power, yields the specified number or expression.	The bottom of the thread of a threaded object.	The fundamental tone of any chord; the tone from whose harmonics, or overtones, a chord is composed.	The highest directory of a directory structure which may contain both files and subdirectories.	The lowest place, position, or part.	The part of a hair near the skin that has not been dyed, permed, or otherwise treated.	The part of a hair under the skin that holds the hair in place.	The part of a plant, generally underground, that anchors and supports the plant body, absorbs and stores water and nutrients, and in some plants is able to perform vegetative reproduction.	The part of a tooth extending into the bone holding the tooth in place.	The primary lexical unit of a word, which carries the most significant aspects of semantic content and cannot be reduced into smaller constituents. Inflectional stems often derive from roots.	The primary source; origin.	The section of a wing immediately adjacent to the fuselage.	The single node of a tree that has no parent.
root	verb	Of a baby: to turn the head and open the mouth in search of food.	To cheer (on); to show support (for) and hope for the success of. (See root for.)	To fix firmly; to establish.	To get root or privileged access on (a computer system or mobile phone), often through bypassing some security mechanism.	To grow roots; to enter the earth, as roots; to take root and begin to grow.	To prepare, oversee, or otherwise cause the rooting of cuttings.	To root out; to abolish.	To rummage; to search as if by digging in soil.	To seek favour or advancement by low arts or grovelling servility; to fawn.	To sexually penetrate.	To tug or pull at the reins aggressively by driving the head downwards while wearing a bit.	To turn up or dig with the snout.
production	noun	A rewrite rule specifying a symbol substitution that can be recursively performed to generate new symbol sequences. (More information on Wikipedia.)	An extension or protrusion.	An occasion or activity made more complicated than necessary.	That which is manufactured or is ready for manufacturing in volume (as opposed to a prototype or conceptual model).	The act of being produced.	The act of bringing something forward, out, etc., for use or consideration.	The act of lengthening out or prolonging.	The act of producing, making or creating something.	The environment where finished code runs, as opposed to staging or development.	The presentation of a theatrical work.	The total amount produced.	Writing viewed as the process of producing a text in any medium (written, spoken, signed, multimodal, nonverbal), consisting of several steps such as conceptualization, formulation, expression and revision.	Written documents produced in support of the action or defence.
allergic	adj	Having an allergy.	Highly averse.	Of or pertaining to allergy.
allergic	noun	A person who has an allergy.
appropriate	verb	To annex (for example a benefice, to a spiritual corporation, as its property).	To make suitable to; to suit.	To set apart for, or assign to, a particular person or use, especially in exclusion of all others; with to or for.	To take to oneself; to claim or use, especially as by an exclusive right.
appropriate	adj	Morally good; positive.	Set apart for a particular use or person; reserved.	Suitable or fit; proper; felicitous.	Suitable to the social situation or to social respect or social discreetness; socially correct; socially discreet; well-mannered; proper.	pleasant;
bow	noun	A crude sort of quadrant formerly used for taking the sun's altitude at sea.	A curved bend in a rod or planar surface, or in a linear formation such as a river (see oxbow).	A gesture, usually showing respect, made by inclining the head or bending forward at the waist; a reverence	A rod with horsehair (or an artificial substitute) stretched between the ends, used for playing various stringed musical instruments.	A stringed instrument (chordophone), consisting of a stick with a single taut cord stretched between the ends, most often played by plucking.	A type of knot with two loops, used to tie together two cords such as shoelaces or apron strings, and frequently used as decoration, such as in gift-wrapping.	A weapon made of a curved piece of wood or other flexible material whose ends are connected by a string, used for shooting arrows.	Alternative form of bao; any of several Chinese buns and breads	Any instrument consisting of an elastic rod, with ends connected by a string, employed for giving reciprocating motion to a drill, or for preparing and arranging hair, fur, etc., used by hatters.	Anything bent or curved, such as a rainbow.	Either of the arms of a pair of spectacles, running from the side of the lens to behind the wearer's ear.	Either of the two handles of a pair of scissors.	Ellipsis of bow-wow	Obsolete spelling of bough.	The U-shaped piece which goes around the neck of an ox and fastens it to the yoke.	The front of a boat or ship.	The part of a key that is not inserted into the lock and that is used to turn the key.	The rower that sits in the seat closest to the bow of the boat.	Two pieces of wood which form the arched forward part of a saddle tree.
bow	verb	Ellipsis of bow-wow	To become bent or curved.	To bend oneself as a gesture of respect or deference.	To debut.	To defer (to something).	To exercise powerful or controlling influence over; to bend, figuratively; to turn; to incline.	To give a direction, indication, or command to by bowing.	To humble or subdue, to make submit.	To make something bend or curve.	To play music on (a stringed) instrument using a bow.	about to
bow	intj	Ellipsis of bow-wow
boot	noun	A black person.	A blow with the foot; a kick.	A bobbled ball.	A bootleg recording.	A crust end-piece of a loaf of bread.	A flexible cover of rubber or plastic, which may be preformed to a particular shape and used to protect a shaft, lever, switch, or opening from dust, dirt, moisture, etc.	A hard or rigid case for a long firearm, typically moulded to the shape of the gun.	A heavy shoe that covers part of the leg.	A kind of sports shoe worn by players of certain games such as cricket and football (historically in the form of boots, now shorter, but still called the same).	A linear amplifier used with CB radio.	A medicinal cure or remedy.	A parking enforcement device used to immobilize a car until it can be towed or a fine is paid; a wheel clamp.	A place at the side of a coach, where attendants rode; also, a low outside place before and behind the body of the coach.	A place for baggage at either end of an old-fashioned stagecoach.	A recently arrived recruit; a rookie.	A rubber bladder on the leading edge of an aircraft’s wing, which is inflated periodically to remove ice buildup; a deicing boot.	A torture device used on the feet or legs, such as a Spanish boot.	A tyre.	An unattractive person, ugly woman.	Oppression, an oppressor.	Profit, plunder.	Profit; gain; advantage; use.	Remedy, amends.	Repair work; the act of fixing structures or buildings.	That which is given to make an exchange equal, or to make up for the deficiency of value in one of the things exchanged; compensation; recompense.	The act or process of bootstrapping; the starting or re-starting of a computing device.	The act or process of removing or firing someone (dismissing them from a job or other post).	The inflated flag leaf sheath of a wheat plant.	The luggage storage compartment of a sedan or saloon car.
boot	verb	To be beneficial, to help.	To bootstrap; to start a system, e.g. a computer, by invoking its boot process or bootstrap.	To disconnect forcibly; to eject from an online service, conversation, etc.	To eject; kick out.	To enrich.	To kick.	To matter; to be relevant.	To put boots on, especially for riding.	To shoot, to kill by gunfire.	To step on the accelerator of a vehicle for faster acceleration than usual or to drive faster than usual.	To vomit.
whisper	noun	A faint trace or hint (of something).	A low rustling sound, like that of the wind in leaves.	A private message to an individual in a chat room.	A rumor.	The act of speaking in a quiet voice, especially without vibration of the vocal cords.
whisper	verb	To address in a whisper, or low voice.	To make a low, sibilant sound.	To mention privately and confidentially, or in a whisper.	To prompt secretly or cautiously; to inform privately.	To say (something) softly or under one's breath, so as to be heard only by one near at hand; to utter (something) without sonant breath, without that vibration of the vocal cords which gives sonorous, or vocal, sound.	To send a private message to an individual in a chat room.	To speak softly or under one's breath, so as to be heard only by one near at hand; to utter words without sonant breath; to talk without that vibration of the vocal cords which gives sonorous, or vocal, sound.	To speak with suspicion or timorous caution; to converse in whispers, as in secret plotting.
sleeping	verb	present participle and gerund of sleep
sleeping	adj	Asleep.	Used for sleep; used to produce sleep.
sleeping	noun	The state of being asleep, or an instance of this.
Johns	name	A former community in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, United States, named after Johns Valley, Oklahoma.	A township in Appanoose County, Iowa, United States, named for the many early settlers named John.	An English surname originating as a patronymic derived from John.	An unincorporated community in Rankin County, Mississippi, United States.	plural of John
Johns	noun	plural of John
cave	noun	A code cave.	A collapse or cave-in.	A group that breaks from a larger political party or faction on a particular issue.	A hole, depression, or gap in earth or rock, whether natural or man-made.	A large, naturally-occurring cavity formed underground or in the face of a cliff or a hillside.	A naturally-occurring cavity in bedrock which is large enough to be entered by an adult.	A place of retreat, such as a man cave.	A shielded area where nuclear experiments can be carried out.	A storage cellar, especially for wine or cheese.	Any hollow place, or part; a cavity.	Debris, particularly broken rock, which falls into a drill hole and interferes with drilling.	The vagina.
cave	verb	In room-and-pillar mining, to extract a deposit of rock by breaking down a pillar which had been holding it in place.	To collapse.	To dwell in a cave.	To engage in the recreational exploration of caves.	To hollow out or undermine.	To surrender.	To work over tailings to dress small pieces of marketable ore.
cave	intj	look out!; beware!
sum	noun	A central idea or point; gist.	A quantity obtained by addition or aggregation.	A quantity of money.	A summary; the principal points or thoughts when viewed together; the substance.	A type of administrative district used in China, Mongolia, and Russia. In Mongolia, a sum is smaller than a province. In China, it is only used in Inner Mongolia, where it is equivalent to a township.	An arithmetic computation, especially one posed to a student as an exercise (not necessarily limited to addition).	An old English measure of corn equal to the quarter.	The basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan.	The basic unit of money in Uzbekistan.	The utmost degree; the greatest or most perfect realization (of some concept).
sum	verb	To add together.	To give a summary of.
connection	noun	A Methodist denomination as a whole, as opposed to its constituent churches, circuits, districts and conferences.	A drug dealer.	A feeling of understanding and ease of communication between two or more people.	A kinship relationship between people.	A person related to oneself, through either family or business.	A set of sets that contains the empty set, all one-element sets for any element that is included in any of the sets, and the union of any group of sets that are elements where the intersections of those sets is non-empty.	A transfer from one transportation vehicle to another in scheduled transportation service.	An established communications or transportation link.	Coherence; lack of disjointedness.	Sexual intercourse.	The act of connecting.	The point at which two or more things are connected.
somehow	adv	In one way or another; in a way not yet known or explained; by some means
arrival	noun	A person who has arrived; a thing that has arrived.	The act of arriving (reaching a certain place).	The attainment of an objective, especially as a result of effort.	The fact of beginning to occur; the initial phase of something.	The fact of reaching a particular point in time.
500	name	Synonym of jackpot (“a ball game in which a thrower calls out a point value and whether the ball must be caught "alive" (in the air) or "dead" (having touched the ground), and a group of catchers compete to catch the ball”).
objection	noun	A statement expressing opposition, or a reason or cause for expressing opposition (generally followed by the adposition to).	An official protest raised in a court of law during a legal trial over a violation of the rules of the court by the opposing party.	The act of objecting.
objection	intj	An assertion that a question or statement is in violation of the rules of the court.
fog	noun	A mist or film clouding a surface.	A new growth of grass appearing on a field that has been mowed or grazed.	A silver deposit or other blur on a negative or developed photographic image.	A state of mind characterized by lethargy and confusion.	A thick cloud that forms near the ground; the obscurity of such a cloud.	Distance fog.	Moss.	Tall and decaying grass left standing after the cutting or grazing season.
fog	verb	To become covered with or as if with fog.	To become covered with the kind of grass called fog.	To become dim or obscure.	To become obscured in condensation or water.	To cover with or as if with fog.	To disperse insecticide into (a forest canopy) so as to collect organisms.	To make confusing or obscure.	To make dim or obscure.	To obscure in condensation or water.	To pasture cattle on the fog (of), or aftergrass, of; to eat off the fog from (a field).	To practice in a small or mean way; to pettifog.	To spoil (film) via exposure to light other than in the normal process of taking a photograph.
construction	noun	A (usually non-representational) structure, such as a collage etc.	A building, model or some other structure.	A geometric figure of arcs and line segments that is drawable with a straightedge and compass.	A group of words arranged to form a meaningful phrase.	Anything that has been constructed.	The act or result of construing the meaning of something.	The manner in which something is built.	The meaning or interpretation of a text, action etc.; the way something is viewed by an observer or onlooker.	The process of constructing.	The trade of building structures.
Hokkaido	name	The second largest island of Japan, capital Sapporo.
Hokkaido	noun	A breed of dog originating from Japan, resembling a spitz dog breed, although not officially ranked as a spitz dog breed.
Hawaii	name	A former kingdom in the Hawaiian Islands, Pacific Ocean.	An archipelago of the Pacific Ocean, between North America and Oceania.	An insular state of the United States, formerly a territory. Capital: Honolulu.	An island of Hawaii archipelago, Pacific Ocean, of Hawaii County, State of Hawaii, United States. The largest of the Hawaiian Islands.
begg		
participate	verb	To join in, to take part, to involve oneself (in something).	To share (something) with others; to transfer (something) to or unto others.	To share, to take part in (something).
participate	adj	Acting in common; participating.
thus	adv	As a result.	In this way or manner.
thus	noun	Alternative form of thuris.
thou	pron	Nominative singular of ye (“you”).
thou	verb	To address (a person) using the pronoun thou, especially as an expression of contempt or familiarity.	To use the word thou.
thou	noun	A thousand, especially a thousand of some currency (dollars, pounds sterling, etc.).	A unit of length equal to one thousandth of an inch (25.4 µm).
thou	adv	Misspelling of though.
thou	conj	Misspelling of though.
physics	noun	The branch of science concerned with the study of the properties and interactions of space, time, matter and energy.	The physical aspects of a phenomenon or a system, especially those examined or studied scientifically.	plural of physic
physics	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of physic
unexpected	adj	Not expected, anticipated or foreseen.
unexpected	noun	Someone or something unexpected.
annoying	adj	Causing irritation or annoyance; troublesome; vexatious.
annoying	verb	present participle and gerund of annoy
annoying	noun	That which annoys; an annoyance.
princess	noun	A Bulgarian open-faced baked sandwich prepared with ground meat.	A female lemur.	A female member of a royal family other than a queen, especially a daughter or granddaughter of a monarch.	A female ruler or monarch; a queen.	A tinted crystal marble used in children's games.	A type of court card in the Tarot pack, coming between the 10 and the prince (Jack).	A woman or girl who excels in a given field or class.	A young girl or woman (or less commonly a man) who is vain, spoiled, or selfish; a prima donna.	A young girl; used as a term of endearment.	The wife of a prince; the female ruler of a principality.
previous	adj	Premature; acting or occurring too soon.	Prior; occurring before something else, either in time or order.
previous	noun	A record of previous hostility or conflict (between people).	A track record of similar behaviour, especially bad behaviour.	An existing criminal record (short for "previous convictions")
criticize	verb	To evaluate (something), assessing its merits and faults.	To find fault (with something).
promotion	noun	An advancement in rank or position.	An event intended to increase the reach or image of a product or brand.	Dissemination of information in order to increase its popularity.	Forward motion. (Contrast remotion.)	Transformation of a pawn into a piece (by reaching the opponent's back rank).
sheet	noun	A broad, flat expanse of a material on a surface.	A distinct level or stage within a game.	A flat metal pan, often without raised edge, used for baking.	A layer of veneer.	A line (rope) used to adjust the trim of a sail.	A piece of paper, usually rectangular, that has been prepared for writing, artwork, drafting, wrapping, manufacture of packaging (boxes, envelopes, etc.), and for other uses. The word does not include scraps and irregular small pieces destined to be recycled, used for stuffing or cushioning or paper mache, etc. In modern books, each sheet of paper is typically folded in half, to produce two leaves and four pages. In the absence of folding, "leaf" and "sheet" are equivalent.	A sail.	A thin bed cloth used as a covering for a mattress or as a layer over the sleeper.	A thin, flat layer of solid material.	An extensive bed of an eruptive rock intruded between, or overlying, other strata.	Euphemistic form of shit.	Precipitation of such quantity and force as to resemble a thin, virtually solid wall.	The area of ice on which the game of curling is played.	The space in the forward or after part of a boat where there are no rowers.
sheet	verb	Of rain, or other precipitation, to pour heavily.	To cover or wrap with cloth, or paper, or other similar material.	To form into sheets.	To trim a sail using a sheet.
arend		
billion	num	A million (times a) million (logic: 1,000,000²): a 1 followed by twelve zeros (10¹²); a thousand milliard.	An unspecified very large number.	Either of two large amounts:	a thousand million (logic: 1,000 × 1,000²): 1 followed by nine zeros, 10⁹.
disaster	noun	A skateboard trick involving a 180-degree ollie, landing on the center of the board with the front trucks facing towards the ramp and the back trucks over the lip. The skater then leans forwards to return in the ramp.	An unexpected natural or man-made catastrophe of substantial extent causing significant physical damage or destruction, loss of life or sometimes permanent change to the natural environment.	An unforeseen event causing great loss, upset or unpleasantness of whatever kind.
sorrow	noun	(usually in plural) An instance or cause of unhappiness.	unhappiness, woe
sorrow	verb	To feel grief over; to mourn, regret.	To feel or express grief.
ordinary	noun	A book setting out ordinary or regular conduct.	A courier; someone delivering mail or post.	A devotional manual; a book setting our rules for proper conduct.	A judge with the authority to deal with cases himself or herself rather than by delegation.	A meal provided for a set price at an eating establishment.	A part of the Christian liturgy that is reasonably constant without regard to the date on which the service is performed.	A penny farthing bicycle.	A person having immediate jurisdiction in a given case of ecclesiastical law, such as the bishop within a diocese.	A person with authority; authority, ordinance.	A place where such meals are served; a public tavern, inn.	A rule, or book of rules, prescribing the order of a liturgy, especially of Mass.	Alternative letter-case form of Ordinary (“those parts of the Mass which are consistent from day to day”).	An ordinary person or thing; something commonplace.	Customary fare, one's regular daily allowance of food; (hence) a regular portion or allowance.	One of the standard geometric designs placed across the center of a coat of arms, such as a pale or fess.	Something ordinary or regular.	The chaplain of Newgate prison, who prepared condemned prisoners for death.	The usual course of things; normal condition or health; a standard way of behaviour or action.
ordinary	adj	Bad or undesirable.	Being part of the natural order of things; normal, customary, routine.	Having no special characteristics or function; everyday, common, mundane; often deprecatory.	Having regular jurisdiction; now only used in certain phrases.
print	adj	Of, relating to, or writing for printed publications.
print	verb	To display a string on the terminal.	To fingerprint (a person).	To fix or impress, as a stamp, mark, character, idea, etc., into or upon something.	To inadequately conceal a weapon such that its outline or imprint is visible on the person wearing it.	To produce a microchip (an integrated circuit) in a process resembling the printing of an image.	To produce an observable value.	To produce one or more copies of a text or image on a surface, especially by machine.	To publish in a book, newspaper, etc.	To stamp or impress (something) with coloured figures or patterns.	To stamp something in or upon; to make an impression or mark upon by pressure, or as by pressure.	To write very clearly, especially, to write without connecting the letters as in cursive.
print	noun	A copy of a film that can be projected.	A datum.	A fingerprint.	A footprint.	A newspaper.	A pattern or design.	A photograph that has been printed onto paper from the negative.	A picture that was created in multiple copies by printing.	A plaster cast in bas relief.	A visible impression on a surface.	Books and other material created by printing presses, considered collectively or as a medium.	Clear handwriting, especially, writing without connected letters as in cursive.	Cloth that has had a pattern of dye printed onto it.	The letters forming the text of a document.
duck	verb	To bow.	To enter a place for a short moment.	To evade doing something, especially something considered a responsibility.	To go under the surface of water and immediately reappear; to plunge one's head into water or other liquid.	To lower (something) into water; to thrust or plunge under liquid and suddenly withdraw.	To lower the volume of (a sound) so that other sounds in the mix can be heard more clearly.	To quickly lower (the head or body), often in order to prevent it from being struck by something.	To quickly lower the head or body, often in order to prevent it from being struck by something.	To surreptitiously leave a rubber duck on someone's parked Jeep as an act of kindness (see Jeep ducking).
duck	noun	A batsman's score of zero after getting out. (Short for duck's egg.)	A building intentionally constructed in the shape of an everyday object to which it is related.	A cairn used to mark a trail.	A cave passage containing water with low, or no, airspace.	A faggot; a meatball made from offal.	A long-necked medical urinal for men; a bed urinal.	A marble to be shot at with another marble (the shooter) in children's games.	A playing card with the rank of two.	A term of endearment; pet; darling.	A tightly-woven cotton fabric used as sailcloth.	An aquatic bird of the family Anatidae, having a flat bill and webbed feet.	Dear, mate (informal way of addressing a friend or stranger).	One of the weights used to hold a spline in place for the purpose of drawing a curve.	Specifically, an adult female duck; contrasted with drake and with duckling.	Synonym of bitch (“a man forced or coerced into a homosexual relationship, especially in prison”).	Synonym of lame duck (“one who cannot fulfil their contracts”).	The flesh of a duck used as food.	Trousers made of such material.
heavily	adv	In a laboured manner.	In a manner designed for heavy duty.	So as to be thick or heavy.	To a considerable degree, to a great extent.	With a great weight.
wooden	adj	As if made of wood; moving awkwardly, or speaking with dull lack of emotion.	Made of wood.
eleven	num	The cardinal number occurring after ten and before twelve. Represented as 11 in Arabic digits.
eleven	noun	A cricket team of eleven players. Hence first eleven - the team of best cricket players (at a school), second eleven - the "B" team, etc.	A football team of eleven players; the starting lineup.	A number off the charts of a hypothetical scale of one to ten.	A very high level of intensity.	An exceptional specimen, (particularly) a physically attractive person.	Deliberate misspelling of !!, used to amplify an exclamation, imitating someone who forgets to press the shift key while typing exclamation points.
passion	noun	A display, musical composition, or play meant to commemorate the suffering of Jesus.	A true desire sustained or prolonged.	An innate attribute, property, or quality of a thing.	An object of passionate or romantic love or strong romantic interest.	Any great, strong, powerful emotion, especially romantic love or extreme hate.	Disorder of the mind; madness.	Fervor, determination.	Sexual intercourse, especially when very emotional.	Suffering or enduring of imposed or inflicted pain; any suffering or distress.	The capacity of being affected by external agents; susceptibility of impressions from external agents.	The state of being acted upon; subjection to an external agent or influence; a passive condition	The suffering of Jesus leading up to and during his crucifixion.
passion	verb	To give a passionate character to.	To suffer pain or sorrow; to experience a passion; to be extremely agitated.
miracle	noun	A fortunate outcome that prevails despite overwhelming odds against it.	An awesome and exceptional example of something.	An event that appears inexplicable by the laws of nature and so is held to be supernatural in origin.
miracle	verb	To affect by a miracle; to work a miracle upon.
item	noun	A distinct physical object.	A hint; an innuendo.	A line of text having a legal or other meaning; a separate particular in an account.	A matter for discussion in an agenda.	A question on a test, which may include its answers.	A short article in a newspaper.	An object that can be picked up for later use.	Ellipsis of item girl.	Two people who are having a romantic or sexual relationship with each other.
item	verb	To make a note of.
item	adv	likewise
ridiculous	adj	Astonishing, extreme, unbelievable.	Deserving of ridicule; foolish, absurd.
chief	noun	An informal term of address for a Native American or First Nations man.	An informal term of address.	Headship, the status of being a chief or leader.	The leader or head of a tribe, organisation, business unit, or other group.	The principal part or top of anything.	The top part of a shield or escutcheon; more specifically, an ordinary consisting of the upper part of the field cut off by a horizontal line, generally occupying the top third.
chief	adj	Intimate, friendly.	Primary; principal.
chief	verb	To smoke cannabis.
7	noun	Clipping of 720 (“720° spin”).
creature	noun	A being subservient to or dependent upon another.	A created thing, whether animate or inanimate; a creation.	A human.	A living being, such as an animal, monster, or alien.	An unidentified, mysterious, and often monstrous animal or being.
metal	noun	A category of rock music encompassing a number of genres (including thrash metal, death metal, heavy metal, etc.) characterized by strong drumbeats and distorted guitars.	A light tincture used in a coat of arms, specifically argent (white or silver) and or (gold).	A mine from which ores are taken.	An element which was not directly created after the Big Bang but instead formed through nuclear reactions; any element other than hydrogen and helium.	Any material with similar physical properties, such as an alloy.	Any of a number of chemical elements in the periodic table that form a metallic bond with other metal atoms; generally shiny, somewhat malleable and hard, often a conductor of heat and electricity.	Chemical elements or alloys, their ores, and the mines where their ores come from.	Crushed rock, stones etc. used to make a road.	Molten glass that is to be blown or moulded to form objects.	The actual airline operating a flight, rather than any of the codeshare operators.	The effective power or calibre of guns carried by a vessel of war.	The ore from which a metal is derived.	The rails of a railway.	The substance that constitutes something or someone; matter; hence, character or temper.
metal	adj	Characterized by strong drum-beats and distorted guitars.	Having the emotional or social characteristics associated with metal music; brash, bold, frank, unyielding, etc.
metal	verb	To make a road using crushed rock, stones etc.
collapse	verb	In a hierarchical list (such as a directory tree or table of contents), to hide the subentries of (an entry).	To break apart and fall down suddenly; to cave in.	To cause something to collapse.	To cease to function due to a sudden breakdown; to fail suddenly and completely.	To fold compactly.	To pass out and fall to the floor or ground, as from exhaustion or other illness; to faint.	To suffer a batting collapse.
collapse	noun	Constant function, one-valued function (in automata theory) (in particular application causing a reset).	Ellipsis of batting collapse.	The act of collapsing.
15		
capture	noun	A particular match found for a pattern in a text string.	An act of capturing; a seizing by force or stratagem.	Something that has been captured; a captive.	The recording or storage of something for later playback.	The securing of an object of strife or desire, as by the power of some attraction.
capture	verb	To remove or take control of an opponent’s piece in a game (e.g., chess, go, checkers).	To reproduce convincingly.	To store (as in sounds or image) for later revisitation.	To take control of; to seize by force or stratagem.	To take hold of.
operate	verb	To act or produce an effect on the mind; to exert moral power or influence.	To bring about as an effect; to cause.	To deal in stocks or any commodity with a view to speculative profits.	To perform a work or labour; to exert power or strength, physical or mechanical; to act.	To perform some manual act upon a human body in a methodical manner, and usually with instruments, with a view to restore soundness or health, as in amputation, lithotomy, etc.	To produce an appropriate physical effect; to issue in the result designed by nature; especially (medicine) to take appropriate effect on the human system.	To produce an effect.	To put into, or to continue in, operation or activity; to work.
refrigerator	noun	A household or commercial appliance used for keeping food fresh by refrigeration (short form fridge).	A similar device used to keep non-food items cold, such as blood, photographic film, drugs, or pharmaceuticals like insulin.	One who has a chilling influence.
favourite	adj	Liked, cherished.	Most-liked. (In other words, [person]'s favorite [noun] = the [noun] that [person] likes the most.)
favourite	noun	A bookmark in a web browser.	A contestant or competitor thought most likely to win.	A person or thing who enjoys special regard or favour.	A person who is preferred or trusted above all others.	A short curl dangling over the temples, fashionable in the reign of Charles II.
favourite	verb	To add to one's list of favourite items on a website that allows users to compile such lists.	To bookmark.	To favour.
scary	adj	Causing fear or anxiety	Subject to sudden alarm; easily frightened.	Uncannily striking or surprising.
scary	adv	To a scary extent; scarily.
scary	noun	Barren land having only a thin coat of grass.
uncomfortable	adj	Experiencing discomfort.	Not comfortable; causing discomfort.	Put off or disgusted.	Uneasy or anxious.
essay	noun	A proposed design for a postage stamp or a banknote.	A test, experiment; an assay.	A written composition of moderate length, exploring a particular issue or subject.	An attempt.
essay	verb	To attempt or try.	To move forth, as into battle.
Union	noun	The 0-10-2 locomotive wheel arrangement.	The canton of the United States flag: the portion of the flag containing stars on a blue background.
Union	name	A barangay of Ubay, Bohol, Philippines.	A city in Montgomery County and Miami County, Ohio.	A city in Union County, Oregon.	A city, the county seat of Franklin County, Missouri.	A city, the county seat of Union County, South Carolina.	A community in Central Elgin municipality, Elgin County, Ontario, Canada.	A former unincorporated community in Napa County, California.	A ghost town in Merced County, California.	A hamlet in Madison County, New York.	A home rule city in Boone County, Kentucky.	A large number of townships in the United States, listed under Union Township.	A large town in Broome County, New York.	A number of places in the United States:	A small town in Burnett County, Wisconsin.	A small town in Door County, Wisconsin.	A small town in Pierce County, Wisconsin.	A small town in Tolland County, Connecticut.	A small town in Vernon County, Wisconsin.	A small town in Waupaca County, Wisconsin.	A small town, the county seat of Monroe County, West Virginia.	A surname.	A tiny city in Hardin County, Iowa.	A town and unincorporated community in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin.	A town and unincorporated community in Rock County, Wisconsin.	A town in Greene County, Alabama.	A town in Knox County, Maine.	A town in Neshoba County and Newton County, Mississippi.	A village and census-designated place in the town of Wakefield, Carroll County, New Hampshire.	A village in Cass County, Nebraska.	A village in McHenry County, Illinois.	A village on the south cast of the island of Siargao, Surigao del Norte, Philippines.	Alternative form of union.	An unincorporated community in Clark County, Missouri.	An unincorporated community in Clay Township, Pike County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Floyd County, Virginia.	An unincorporated community in the town of Lima, Grant County, Wisconsin.	Place names:	The Oxford Union (a debating society); not to be conflated with Oxford University Student Union (a students' union).	The Soviet Union: the proper noun Union is the standard English translation of the proper noun Союз (Sojuz), and All-Union is the standard English translation of всесоюзный (vsesojuznyj).	The United States of America.	Those of the United States that did not secede at the time of the Civil War (of the United States of America).
acquire	verb	To become affected by an illness.	To begin tracking a mobile target with a particular detector or sight, generally with the implication that an attack on the target thereby becomes possible.	To gain, usually by one's own exertions; to get as one's own.	To get.	To sample signals and convert them into digital values.
grammar	noun	A book describing the grammar (sense 1 or sense 2) of a language.	A book describing these rules or principles; a textbook.	A formal system defining a formal language.	A formal system specifying the syntax of a language.	A grammar school.	A set of component patterns, along with the rules for connecting them, which can be combined to form more complex patterns such as large still lifes, oscillators, and spaceships.	A system of rules and principles for the structure of a language, or of languages in general.	Actual or presumed prescriptive notions about the correct use of a language.	The basic rules or principles of a field of knowledge or a particular skill.	The study of such a system.
grammar	verb	To discourse according to the rules of grammar; to use grammar.
wheat	noun	A light brown color, like that of wheat.	Any of several cereal grains, of the genus Triticum, that yields flour as used in bakery.
wheat	adj	Wheaten, of a light brown color, like that of wheat.
apology	noun	A formal justification, defence.	An expression of remorse or regret for having said or done something that harmed another: an instance of apologizing (saying that one is sorry).	Anything provided as a substitute; a makeshift.
proper	adj	Accurate, strictly applied.	Attractive, elegant.	Being strictly part of some other thing (not necessarily explicitly mentioned, but of definitional importance), and not being the thing itself.	Belonging to oneself or itself; own.	Continuous, mapping closed sets to closed sets, and such that the preimage of every point is compact.	Eigen-; designating a function or value which is an eigenfunction or eigenvalue.	Excellent, of high quality; such as the specific person or thing should ideally be. (Now often merged with later senses.)	Following the established standards of behavior or manners; correct or decorous.	In the strict sense; within the strict definition or core (of a specified place, taxonomic order, idea, etc).	In the very strictest sense of the word.	Not being a set.	Pertaining exclusively to a specific thing or person; particular.	Portrayed in natural or usual coloration, as opposed to conventional tinctures.	Possessed, related.	Separated, of finite type, and universally closed.	Such that every closed ball is compact.	Such that the preimage of every compact set is compact.	Such that unique morphism from the variety to k is proper (as above).	Suitable.	Suited or acceptable to the purpose or circumstances; fit, suitable.	Used to designate a particular person, place, or thing. Proper nouns are usually written with an initial capital letter.	Utter, complete.
proper	adv	properly.	properly; thoroughly; completely.
proper	noun	A part of the Christian liturgy that varies according to the date.	Something set apart for a special use.
adapt	verb	To fit by alteration; to modify or remodel for a different purpose; to adjust	To make by altering or fitting something else; to produce by change of form or character	To make oneself comfortable to a new thing.	To make suitable; to make to correspond; to fit or suit
adapt	adj	Adapted; fit; suited; suitable; apt.
float	verb	(of currencies) To have an exchange value determined by the markets, as opposed to by central fiat.	Of an idea or scheme, to be viable.	To allow (the exchange value of a currency) to be determined by the markets.	To automatically adjust a parameter as related parameters change.	To be capable of floating.	To be not connected or referenced to a known reference voltage.	To be supported by a fluid of greater density (than the object).	To be supported by a liquid of greater density, such that part (of the object or substance) remains above the surface.	To cause (an element within a document) to float above or beside others.	To cause something to be suspended in a fluid of greater density.	To cause to drift gently through the air, to waft.	To circulate.	To drift gently through the air.	To drift or wander aimlessly.	To extend a short-term loan to.	To issue or sell shares in a company (or units in a trust) to members of the public, followed by listing on a stock exchange.	To move in a fluid manner.	To move in a particular direction with the liquid in which one is floating.	To not be tied to a reference.	To perform a float.	To prepare a till (cash register) for operation, either by putting a float (cash amount) in the cash drawer to provide change for customers making cash payments or (by extension) by recording the time a till starts being used for card payments if it is card-only	To propose (an idea) for consideration.	To remain airborne, without touching down, for an excessive length of time during landing, due to excessive airspeed during the landing flare.	To spread plaster over (a surface), using the tool called a float.	To transport by float (vehicular trailer).	To use a float (rasp-like tool) upon.
float	noun	A breakdancing move in which the body is held parallel to the floor while balancing on one or both hands.	A buoyant device used to support something in water or another liquid.	A car carrier or car transporter truck or truck-and-trailer combination.	A coal cart.	A decorative rod that extends over the body of a basket without being attached for part of its length.	A float board.	A floating toy made of foam, used in swimming pools.	A floating-point number, especially one that has lower precision than a double.	A loose strand of yarn that passes behind one or more stitches when knitting with multiple yarns.	A lowboy trailer.	A maneuver where a player calls on the flop or turn with a weak hand, with the intention of bluffing after a subsequent community card.	A mass of timber or boards fastened together, and conveyed down a stream by the current; a raft.	A polishing block used in marble working; a runner.	A small sum of money put in a cashier's till, or otherwise secured, at the start of business, to enable change to be made.	A small vehicle used for local deliveries, especially in the term milk float.	A soft beverage with a scoop of ice cream floating in it.	A sort of trowel used for finishing concrete surfaces or smoothing plaster.	A tool similar to a rasp, used in various trades.	A visual style on a web page that causes the styled elements to float above or beside others.	A weft thread that passes over two or more warp threads (or less commonly, warp over weft).	An elaborately decorated trailer or vehicle, intended for display in a parade or pageant.	An offering of shares in a company (or units in a trust) to members of the public, normally followed by a listing on a stock exchange.	Any object (element) whose location in composition (page makeup, pagination) does not flow within body text but rather floats outside of it, usually anchored loosely (in buoy metaphor) to spots within it (citations, callouts): a figure (image), table, box, pull quote, ornament, or other floated element.	Funds committed to be paid but not yet paid.	Premiums taken in but not yet paid out.	The act of flowing; flux; flow.	The gas-filled sac, bag, or body of a siphonophore; a pneumatophore.	The total amount of checks/cheques or other drafts written against a bank account but not yet cleared and charged against the account.
sweep	verb	To brush against or over; to rub lightly along.	To brush the ice in front of a moving stone, causing it to travel farther and to curl less.	To carry with a long, swinging, or dragging motion; hence, to carry in a stately or proud fashion.	To clean (a surface) by means of a stroking motion of a broom or brush.	To clear (a body of water or part thereof) of mines.	To defeat (a team) in a series without drawing or losing any of the games in that series.	To draw or drag something over.	To move something in a long sweeping motion, as a broom.	To move through a (horizontal) arc or similar long stroke.	To pass over, or traverse, with the eye or with an instrument of observation.	To play a sweep shot.	To remove something abruptly and thoroughly.	To row with one oar to either the port or starboard side.	To search (a place) methodically.	To strike with a long stroke.	To travel quickly.	To vacuum a carpet or rug.	To win (a series) without drawing or losing any of the games in that series.
sweep	noun	A batsman's shot, played from a kneeling position with a swinging horizontal bat.	A chimney sweep.	A flow of water parallel to shore caused by wave action at an ocean beach or at a point or headland.	A large oar used in small vessels, partly to propel them and partly to steer them.	A long pole, or piece of timber, moved on a horizontal fulcrum fixed to a tall post and used to raise and lower a bucket in a well for drawing water.	A lottery, usually on the results of a sporting event, where players win if their randomly chosen team wins.	A methodical search, typically for bugs (electronic listening devices).	A movable template for making moulds, in loam moulding.	A person who stands at the stern of a surf boat, steering with a steering oar and commanding the crew.	A rowing style in which each rower rows with oar on either the port or starboard side.	A single action of sweeping.	A throw or takedown that primarily uses the legs to attack an opponent's legs.	An expanse or a swath, a strip of land.	Any of several sea chubs in the family Kyphosidae (subfamily Scorpidinae).	Any of the blades of a windmill.	Direction or departure of a curve, a road, an arch, etc. away from a rectilinear line.	In the game casino, the act of capturing all face-up cards from the table.	The almond furnace.	The compass of any turning body or of any motion.	The degree to which an aircraft's wings are angled backwards (or, occasionally, forwards) from their attachments to the fuselage.	The person who steers a dragon boat.	The sweepings of workshops where precious metals are worked, containing filings, etc.	Violent and general destruction.	singular of sweeps (“viewership ratings”)
tomato	noun	A desirable-looking woman.	A shade of red, the colour of a ripe tomato.	A stupid act or person.	A widely cultivated plant, Solanum lycopersicum, having edible fruit.	The savory fruit of this plant, red when ripe, treated as a vegetable in horticulture and cooking.
tomato	adj	Of a shade of red, the colour of a ripe tomato.
tomato	verb	to add tomatoes to (a dish)	to pelt with tomatoes
Jones	name	A locality in Kenora District, north-west Ontario, Canada.	A municipality in the province of Isabela, Philippines.	A number of places in the United States:	A placename	A town in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma.	An English and Welsh surname originating as a patronymic derived from the given name John.	An unincorporated community in Autauga County, Alabama.	An unincorporated community in Barbour County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Cass County, Michigan.	An unincorporated community in Coles County, Illinois.	An unincorporated community in Perry County, Kentucky.	Ellipsis of Jones County.	Two townships, in Elk County, Pennsylvania and Beltrami County, Minnesota, listed under Jones Township.	plural of Jone
tale	noun	A count; declaration.	A number of things considered as an aggregate; sum.	A number told or counted off; a reckoning by count; an enumeration.	A rehearsal of what has occurred; narrative; discourse; statement; history; story.	A report of any matter; a relation; a version.	A speech; a statement; talk; conversation; discourse.	Account; estimation; regard; heed.	Alternative form of tael.	An account of an asserted fact or circumstance; a rumour; a report, especially an idle or malicious story; a piece of gossip or slander; a lie.	Number; tally; quota.	Speech; language.	The fraudulent opportunity presented by a confidence man to the mark or victim.
tale	verb	To reckon; consider (someone) to have something.	To speak; discourse; tell tales.
humanity	noun	Any academic subject belonging to the humanities.	Humankind; human beings as a group.	The human condition or nature.	The quality of being benevolent; humane traits of character; humane qualities or aspects.
Mexico	name	A census-designated place in Jefferson Township, Miami County, Indiana, United States.	A city, the county seat of Audrain County, Missouri, United States.	A country in North America, located south of the United States, and northwest of Guatemala and Belize from Central America. Official name: United Mexican States.	A former unincorporated community in Hunt County, Texas, United States, now submerged under Lake Tawakoni.	A municipality of the province of Pampanga, Central Luzon, Philippines.	A town and village in Oswego County, New York, United States.	A town in Oxford County, Maine, United States.	An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Walker Township, Juniata County, Pennsylvania, United States.	An unincorporated community in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.	An unincorporated community in Carroll County, Maryland, United States.	An unincorporated community in Crittenden County, Kentucky, United States.	An unincorporated community in Montour County, Pennsylvania, United States.	An unincorporated community in Tymochtee Township, Wyandot County, Maryland, United States.	Ellipsis of Mexico City: the capital city of Mexico.	Ellipsis of the State of Mexico: a state of Mexico. Capital: Toluca.
October	name	A female given name transferred from the month name.	The tenth month of the Gregorian calendar, following September and preceding November.
October	noun	A type of ale traditionally brewed in October.
October	verb	In the early Soviet Union, to give a child a name tinged with Soviet revolutionary thought, as opposed to religious christening.
male	adj	Belonging to the sex which typically produces sperm, or to the gender which is typically associated with it.	Characteristic of this sex/gender. (Compare masculine, manly.)	Having the F factor; able to impart DNA into another bacterium which does not have the F factor (a female).	Masculine; of the masculine grammatical gender.	Of instruments, tools, or connectors: designed to fit into or penetrate a female counterpart, as in a connector, pipe fitting or laboratory glassware.	Tending to lead to or regulate the development of sexual characteristics typical of this sex.
male	noun	A bacterium which has the F factor.	A human member of the masculine sex or gender.	A male connector, pipe fitting, etc.	A plant of the masculine sex.	An animal of the sex that has testes.	One of the male (masculine) sex or gender.
bowl	noun	A dish comprising a mix of different foods, not all of which need be cooked, served in a bowl.	A haircut in which straight hair is cut at an even height around the edges, forming a bowl shape.	A postseason football competition, a bowl game (i.e. Rose Bowl, Super Bowl)	A roughly hemispherical container used to hold, mix or present food, such as salad, fruit or soup, or other items.	A round crater (or similar) in the ground.	A rounded portion of a glyph that encloses empty space, as in the letters d and o.	An elliptical-shaped stadium or amphitheater resembling a bowl.	As much as is held by a bowl.	Part of a pipe, bong, or other smoking implement that holds the material to be burned.	The action of bowling a ball.	The ball rolled by players in the game of lawn bowls.	The part of a spoon that holds content, as opposed to the handle.	The quantity of burnable content to be consumed in a pipe or bong.	The round hollow part of anything.
bowl	verb	To pelt or strike with anything rolled.	To play bowling or a similar game.	To roll or carry smoothly on, or as on, wheels.	To roll or throw (a ball) in the correct manner in cricket and similar games and sports.	To throw the ball (in cricket and similar games and sports).
Arabic	adj	Expressed in a script that was developed in Arab lands (but is not always used in the Arabic language): 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9.	Of, from, or pertaining to Arab countries or cultural behaviour (see also Arab as an adjective).	Related to the Arabic language.
Arabic	name	A major Semitic language originating from the Arabian peninsula, and now spoken natively (in various spoken dialects, all sharing a single highly conservative standardized literary form) throughout large sections of the Middle East and North Africa.	The Aramaic-derived script used to write the Arabic, Persian, Pashto, Urdu, and Uyghur languages, among others.
Arabic	noun	A variety of the Arabic language.	An Arab.	Ellipsis of Arabic numeral.
nap	verb	To be off one's guard.	To cover (something) with a sauce. (usually in the passive)	To form or raise a soft or fuzzy surface on (fabric or leather).	To grab; to nab.	To have a nap; to sleep for a short period of time, especially during the day.
nap	noun	A bid to take five tricks in the card game Napoleon.	A card game in which players take tricks; properly Napoleon.	A cup, bowl.	A short period of sleep, especially one during the day.	A soft or fuzzy surface, generally on fabric or leather.	A type of bet in British horse racing, based on the experts' best tips.	The common direction, on some kinds of fabric, of the hairs making up the pile.
selfish	adj	Having excessive or exclusive regard and concern for one's own well-being, profit or pleasure, with little or no consideration for others.	Holding one's own self-interest as the standard for decision making.	Of video game characters: relying on their own actions and capabilities to be effective in the game, rather than on other characters.	Related to or equivalent to a selfish gene; best understood as existing to preserve and replicate itself in competition with other entities at the same level of existence, rather than at the level of the individual or population containing it.
reflect	verb	To agree with; to closely follow.	To be bent back (light, etc.) from a surface.	To be mirrored.	To bend back (light, etc.) from a surface.	To give evidence of someone's or something's character etc.	To mirror, or show the image of something.	To think seriously; to ponder or consider.
practical	adj	Being likely to be effective and applicable to a real situation; able to be put to use.	Light fixtures used for set lighting and seen in the frame of a shot as part of the scenery.	Of a person, having skills or knowledge that are practical.	Of a prop: having some degree of functionality, rather than being a mere imitation.	Relating to, or based on, practice or action rather than theory or hypothesis.
practical	noun	A light fixture used for set lighting and seen in the frame of a shot as part of the scenery.	A part of an exam or series of exams in which the candidate has to demonstrate their practical ability	A prop that has some degree of functionality, rather than being a mere imitation.	Laboratory experiment, test or investigation
compose	verb	To arrange (types) in a composing stick for printing; to typeset.	To arrange in proper form; to reduce to order; to put in proper state or condition.	To arrange the elements of a photograph or other picture.	To calm; to free from agitation.	To comprise.	To construct by mental labor; to think up; particularly, to produce or create a literary or musical work.	To make something by merging parts.	To make up the whole; to constitute.	To settle (an argument, dispute etc.); to come to a settlement.
web	noun	A band of webbing used to regulate the extension of the hood of a carriage.	A cataract of the eye.	A continuous strip of material carried by rollers during processing.	A fold of tissue connecting the toes of certain birds, or of other animals.	A latticed or woven structure.	A long sheet of paper which is fed from a roll into a printing press, as opposed to individual sheets of paper.	A major broadcasting network.	A plot or scheme.	A section of a groin vault, separated by ribs.	A seventeenth-century unit of Rhenish glass containing 60 bunches.	A tall tale with more complexity than a myth or legend.	A thin metal sheet, plate, or strip, as of lead.	Any interconnected set of persons, places, or things, which, when diagrammed, resembles a spider's web.	The bit of a key.	The blade of a saw.	The blade of a sword.	The interconnection between flanges in structural members, increasing the effective lever arm and so the load capacity of the member.	The part of a baseball mitt between the forefinger and thumb, the webbing.	The series of barbs implanted on each side of the shaft of a feather, whether stiff and united together by barbules, as in ordinary feathers, or soft and separate, as in downy feathers.	The silken structure which a spider builds using silk secreted from the spinnerets at the caudal tip of its abdomen; a spiderweb.	The thin, sharp part of a colter.	The thinner vertical section of a railway rail between the top (head) and bottom (foot) of the rail.
web	name	Alternative letter-case form of Web: the World Wide Web.
web	verb	To construct or form a web.	To cover with a web or network.	To ensnare or entangle.	To provide with a web.	To weave.
surgery	noun	A doctor's office; a clinic.	A medical practitioner’s office hours.	A pre-packaged bankruptcy or "quick bankruptcy".	A procedure involving major incisions to remove, repair, or replace a part of a body.	A room or department where surgery is performed.	Any arrangement where people arrive and wait for an interview with certain people, particularly a politician. cf. clinic.	Drastic changes made to anything.	The medical specialty related to the performance of surgical procedures.	The production of a manifold by removing parts of one manifold and replacing them with corresponding parts of others.
distinguish	verb	To confer an honor upon.	To make noticeably different or better from others through accomplishments.	To make to differ.	To recognize someone or something as different from others based on its characteristics.	To see someone or something clearly or distinctly.
extend	verb	Of a class: to be an extension or subtype of, or to be based on, a prototype or a more abstract class.	To bestow; to offer; to impart; to apply.	To cause to increase in extent.	To cause to last for a longer period of time.	To increase in extent.	To increase in quantity by weakening or adulterating additions.	To possess a certain extent; to cover an amount of space.	To reenlist for a further period.	To straighten (a limb).	To value, as lands taken by a writ of extent in satisfaction of a debt; to assign by writ of extent.
extend	noun	Misspelling of extent.
tune	noun	A melody.	A song, or short musical composition.	A sound; a note; a tone.	Order; harmony; concord.	Temper; frame of mind.	The act of tuning or maintenance.	The state or condition of being correctly tuned.
tune	intj	Used to show appreciation or approval of a song.
tune	verb	Of faculties, senses, etc.: to adapt to or direct towards a particular target.	To adjust (a musical instrument) so that it produces the correct pitches.	To adjust or modify (especially a mechanical or electrical device) so that it functions optimally.	To adjust the frequency on a radio or TV set, so as to receive the desired channel.	To attune; to adapt in style of music; to make harmonious.	To be impudent towards; to cheek.	To give a certain tone or character to.	To make more precise, intense, or effective; to put into a proper state or disposition.	To set (lyrics) to music.	To sing with melody or harmony.	to adjust the parameters of singing voice synthesis software such as VOCALOID (in order to achieve certain singing techniques, increase the human quality of the voice, etc.)
classical	adj	Conforming to the best authority in literature and art; chaste; pure; refined	Describing Western music and musicians of the late 18th and early 19th centuries.	Describing art music (rather than pop, jazz, blues, etc), especially when played using instruments of the orchestra.	Knowledgeable or skilled in the classics; versed in the classics.	Of or pertaining to established principles in a discipline.	Of or pertaining to the ancient Greeks and Romans, especially to Greek or Roman authors of the highest rank, or of the period when their best literature was produced; of or pertaining to places inhabited by the ancient Greeks and Romans, or rendered famous by their deeds.	Of or relating to the first class or rank, especially in literature or art.	Pertaining to models of physical laws that do not take quantum or relativistic effects into account; Newtonian or Maxwellian.
classical	noun	Ellipsis of classical chess.	Ellipsis of classical music.	One that is classical in some way; for example, a classical economist.
urge	noun	A strong desire; an itch to do something.
urge	verb	To be pressing in argument; to insist; to persist.	To present in an urgent manner; to insist upon.	To press hard upon; to follow closely.	To press onward or forward.	To press; to push; to drive; to impel; to force onward.	To provoke; to exasperate.	To put mental pressure on; to ply with motives, arguments, persuasion, or importunity.	To treat with forcible means; to take severe or violent measures with.
coach	noun	A long-distance, or privately hired, bus.	A passenger car, either drawn by a locomotive or part of a multiple unit.	A trainer or instructor.	A wheeled vehicle, generally pulled by a horse.	The forward part of the cabin space under the poop deck of a sailing ship; the fore-cabin under the quarter deck.	The lower-fare service whose passengers sit in this part of the airplane or train; economy class.	The part of a commercial passenger airplane or train reserved for those paying the lower standard fares; the economy section.
coach	verb	To convey in a coach.	To instruct; to train.	To study under a tutor.	To train.	To travel in a coach (sometimes coach it).
coach	adv	Via the part of a commercial passenger airplane or train reserved for those paying the lower standard fares; via the economy section.
labor	noun	Alternative spelling of labour.
labor	verb	US standard spelling of labour.
departure	noun	A death.	A deviation from a plan or procedure.	Division; separation; putting away.	The act of departing or something that has departed.	The desertion by a party to any pleading of the ground taken by him in his last antecedent pleading, and the adoption of another	The difference in easting between the two ends of a line or curve.	The distance due east or west made by a ship in its course reckoned in plane sailing as the product of the distance sailed and the sine of the angle made by the course with the meridian.
Ann	name	A female given name from Hebrew.	A surname from Welsh.
Ann	noun	Abbreviation of anniversary.
Ann	adj	Abbreviation of annual.
teenager	noun	A person between 13 and 19 years old.
coward	noun	A person who lacks courage.
coward	adj	Borne in the escutcheon with his tail doubled between his legs.	Cowardly.
coward	verb	To intimidate.
fake	adj	Insincere	Not real; false, fraudulent.
fake	noun	A move meant to deceive an opposing player, used for gaining advantage for example when dribbling an opponent.	A trick; a swindle	One of the circles or windings of a cable or hawser, as it lies in a coil; a single turn or coil.	Something which is not genuine, or is presented fraudulently.
fake	verb	To cheat; to swindle; to steal; to rob.	To coil (a rope, line, or hawser), by winding alternately in opposite directions, in layers usually of zigzag or figure of eight form, to prevent twisting when running out.	To improvise, in jazz.	To make a counterfeit, to counterfeit, to forge, to falsify.	To make a false display of, to affect, to feign, to simulate.	To modify fraudulently, so as to make an object appear better or other than it really is
deaf	adj	Decayed; tasteless; useless.	Obscurely heard; stifled; deadened.	Of or relating to the community of deaf people.	Unable (or partially able) to hear.	Unwilling to listen or be persuaded; determinedly inattentive.
deaf	noun	A deaf person.
deaf	verb	To deafen.
Bible	name	A surname originating as a matronymic.	The Jewish holy book that was largely incorporated into the Christian Bible.	The analogous holy book of another religion or belief.	The main religious text in Christianity.
Bible	noun	A specific version, edition, translation, or copy of one of the above-mentioned texts.
assure	verb	To give (someone) confidence in the trustworthiness of (something).	To guarantee, promise (to do something).	To make sure and secure; ensure.	To reassure.
rat	noun	A medium-sized rodent belonging to the genus Rattus.	A person who is known for betrayal.	A person who routinely spends time at a particular location.	A place in the sea with rapid currents and crags where a ship is likely to be torn apart in stormy weather.	A ration.	A roll of material used to puff out the hair, which is turned over it.	A scab: a worker who acts against trade union policies.	A scratch or a score.	A wad of shed hair used as part of a hairstyle.	An informant or snitch.	Any of the numerous members of several rodent families (e.g. voles and mice) that resemble true rats in appearance, usually having short limbs, a pointy snout, a long, hairless tail, and a body length greater than about 12 cm, or 5 inches.	Ellipsis of muskrat.	Vagina, vulva.
rat	verb	Damn, drat, blast; used in oaths.	To backcomb (hair).	To betray a political party, cause or principle; to betray someone, to desert a person or thing.	To hunt or kill rats.	To inform on someone; to betray someone to the police or authorities.	To scratch or score.	To tear, rip, rend.	To work as a scab, going against trade union policies.
uniform	adj	(of a polyhedron) That is isogonal and whose faces are regular polygons; (of an n-dimensional (n>3) polytope) that is isogonal and whose bounding (n-1)-dimensional facets are uniform polytopes.	Composed of a single macromolecular species.	Consistent; conforming to one standard.	Unvarying; all the same.	with speed of convergence not depending on choice of function argument; as in uniform continuity, uniform convergence
uniform	noun	A distinctive outfit that serves to identify members of a group, company, prison inmates, etc.	A uniformed police officer (as opposed to a detective).	alternative letter-case form of Uniform from the NATO/ICAO Phonetic Alphabet.
uniform	verb	To clothe in a uniform.
hunt	verb	To be in a state of instability of movement or forced oscillation, as a governor which has a large movement of the balls for small change of load, an arc-lamp clutch mechanism which moves rapidly up and down with variations of current, etc.; also, to seesaw, as a pair of alternators working in parallel.	To drive; to chase; with down, from, away, etc.	To find or search for an animal in the wild with the intention of killing the animal for its meat or for sport.	To move or shift the order of (a bell) in a regular course of changes.	To shift up and down in order regularly.	To try to find something; search (for).	To use or manage (dogs, horses, etc.) in hunting.	To use or traverse in pursuit of game.
hunt	noun	A hunting expedition.	A pack of hunting dogs.	An organization devoted to hunting, or the people belonging to it.	The act of hunting.
downstairs	adj	Located on a lower floor.
downstairs	adv	Down the stairs.	In or to hell.	Regarding the genitalia.
downstairs	noun	In particular, especially historically, the servants’ quarters.	The genitalia.	The lower floor of a house, at ground level, or sometimes below.
oven	noun	A chamber used for baking or heating.	A very hot place.
oven	verb	To cook in an oven.
fox	noun	A cunning person.	A fox terrier.	A hidden radio transmitter, finding which is the goal of radiosport.	A person with reddish brown hair, typically a woman.	A physically attractive person, typically a woman.	A small strand of rope made by twisting several rope-yarns together. Used for seizings, mats, sennits, and gaskets.	A small-to-medium-sized canine mammal with a flattened skull, upright triangular ears, a pointed, slightly upturned snout, and a long bushy tail, of the following groups:	A sword; so called from the stamp of a fox on the blade, or perhaps of a wolf taken for a fox.	A wedge driven into the split end of a bolt to tighten it.	Air-to-air weapon launched.	Any member of the genus Vulpes; a true fox.	Other canines that resemble true foxes, of the genera Cerdocyon, Lycalopex, Otocyon, and Urocyon.	Someone who fuses many different influences and concepts in their philosophy or worldview.	The fourteenth Lenormand card.	The fur of a fox.	The gemmeous dragonet, a fish, Callionymus lyra, so called from its yellow color.	The red fox, a small carnivore (Vulpes vulpes), related to dogs and wolves, with red or silver fur.
fox	verb	To act slyly or craftily.	To cheat or rob.	To confuse or baffle (someone).	To discolour paper. Fox marks are spots on paper caused by humidity. (See foxing.)	To intoxicate; to stupefy with drink.	To make sour, as beer, by causing it to ferment.	To repair (boots) with new front upper leather, or to piece the upper fronts of.	To trick, fool or outwit (someone) by cunning or ingenuity.	To turn sour; said of beer, etc., when it sours in fermenting.
Britain	name	Brittany.	England, Scotland and Wales in combination.	Great Britain, a large island (sometimes also including some of the surrounding smaller islands) off the north-west coast of Western Europe, made up of England, Scotland, and Wales; especially (but not exclusively) during antiquity.	The British Empire.	The British Isles.	The British state and its dominions and holdings; the British Empire.	The United Kingdom, a kingdom and country in Northern Europe including the island of Great Britain as well as Northern Ireland on the northeastern portion of the island of Ireland.
Britain	noun	An ancient Briton.
Britain	adj	Briton; British.
fork	noun	(software development, content management, data management) A departure from having a single source of truth (SSOT), sometimes intentionally but usually unintentionally.	A decision point.	A fork in the road, as follows:	A forklift.	A gallows.	A point in time where one has to make a decision between two life paths.	A point where a waterway, such as a river or other stream, splits and flows into two (or more) different directions.	A split in a blockchain resulting from protocol disagreements, or a branch of the blockchain resulting from such a split.	A tuning fork.	A utensil with spikes used to put solid food into the mouth, or to hold food down while cutting.	An intersection in a road or path where one road is split into two.	Any of several types of pronged (tined) tools (physical tools), as follows:	Any of several types of pronged tools for use on farms, in fields, or in the garden or lawn, such as a smaller hand fork for weeding or a larger one for turning over the soil.	Any of the pieces/versions (of software, content, or data sets) thus created.	Any of the pieces/versions of content thus created.	Any of the software projects resulting from the launch of such separate software development efforts based upon a copy of the original project.	Either of the (figurative) paths thus taken.	Either of the blades of a forklift (or, in plural, the set of blades), on which the goods to be raised are loaded.	In a bicycle or motorcycle, the portion of the frameset holding the front wheel, allowing the rider to steer and balance, also called front fork.	One of the parts into which anything is furcated or divided; a prong; a branch of a stream, a road, etc.; a barbed point, as of an arrow.	Such a pronged tool having a long straight handle, generally for two-handed use, as used for digging, lifting, mucking, pitching, etc.	The bottom of a sump into which the water of a mine drains.	The crotch.	The launch of one or more separate software development efforts based upon a modified copy of an existing project, especially in free and open-source software.	The simultaneous attack of two adversary pieces with one single attacking piece (especially a knight).	The splitting of the coverage of a topic (within a corpus of content) into two or more pieces.	The upper front brow of a saddle bow, connected in the tree by the two saddle bars to the cantle on the other end.
fork	verb	Euphemistic form of fuck.	To bale a shaft dry.	To create a copy of a distributed version control repository.	To divide into two or more branches or copies.	To kick someone in the crotch.	To launch a separate software development effort based upon a modified copy of an existing software project, especially in free and open-source software.	To move with a fork (as hay or food).	To shoot into blades, as corn does.	To simultaneously attack two opposing pieces with a single attacking piece.	To spawn a new child process by duplicating the existing process.
brief	adj	Concise; taking few words.	Occupying a small distance, area or spatial extent; short.	Of short duration; happening quickly.	Rife; common; prevalent.
brief	noun	A barrister who is counsel for a party in a legal action.	A letter patent, from proper authority, authorizing a collection or charitable contribution of money in churches, for any public or private purpose.	A memorandum of points of fact or of law for use in conducting a case.	A position of interest or advocacy.	A short news story or report.	A short papal letter.	A summary, précis or epitome; an abridgement or abstract.	A ticket of any type.	A writ summoning one to answer; an official letter or mandate.	An answer to any action.	An attorney's legal argument in written form for submission to a court.	The material relevant to a case, delivered by a solicitor to the barrister who is counsel for the case.	Underwear briefs.
brief	verb	To summarize a recent development to some person with decision-making power.	To write a legal argument and submit it to a court.
brief	adv	Briefly.	Soon; quickly.
impatient	adj	Anxious and eager, especially to begin or have something.	Not to be borne; unendurable.	Prompted by, or exhibiting, impatience.	Restless, short of temper, and intolerant of delays.
extreme	adj	Drastic, or of great severity.	Excessive, or far beyond the norm.	In the greatest or highest degree; intense.	Of a place, the most remote, farthest or outermost.	Of sports, difficult or dangerous; performed in a hazardous environment.	Ultimate, final or last.
extreme	noun	A drastic expedient.	Each of the things at opposite ends of a range or scale.	Either of the two numbers at the ends of a proportion, as 1 and 6 in 1:2=3:6.	Hardships, straits.	One of the last moments of life.	The greatest or utmost point, degree, or condition.
extreme	adv	Extremely.
exact	adj	Habitually careful to agree with a standard, a rule, or a promise; accurate; methodical; punctual.	Precisely agreeing with a standard, a fact, or the truth; perfectly conforming; neither exceeding nor falling short in any respect.	Precisely or definitely conceived or stated; strict.	Such that it preserves short exact sequences.	Such that the kernel of each morphism is the image of the preceding one.
exact	verb	To demand and enforce the payment or performance of, sometimes in a forcible or imperious way.	To inflict; to forcibly obtain or produce; to visit.	To make desirable or necessary.
exact	adv	exactly
species	noun	A category in the classification of organisms, ranking below genus; a taxon at that rank.	A component part of compound medicine; a simple.	A group of plants or animals in which any two individuals of the appropriate sexes or mating types can produce fertile offspring, typically by sexual reproduction, usually having similar appearance.	A mineral with a unique chemical formula whose crystals belong to a unique crystallographic system.	A particular type of atom, molecule, ion or other particle.	An image, an appearance, a spectacle.	Coin, or coined silver, gold, or other metal, used as a circulating medium; specie.	Either of the two elements of the Eucharist after they have been consecrated.	The image of something cast on a surface, or reflected from a surface, or refracted through a lens or telescope; a reflection.	Type or kind. (Compare race.)	Visible or perceptible presentation; appearance; something perceived.	plural of specie
obtain	verb	To exist or be the case; to hold true, be in force.	To get hold of; to gain possession of, to procure; to acquire, in any way.	To hold; to keep, possess or occupy.	To prevail, be victorious; to succeed.	To secure (that) a specific objective or state of affairs be reached.
associate	adj	Connected by habit or sympathy.	Following or accompanying; concomitant.	Having partial status or privileges.	Joined with another or others and having lower status.
associate	noun	A companion; a comrade.	A member of an institution or society who is granted only partial status or privileges.	A person united with another or others in an act, enterprise, or business; a partner or employee.	One of a pair of elements of an integral domain (or a ring) such that the two elements are divisible by each other (or, equivalently, such that each one can be expressed as the product of the other with a unit).	One that habitually accompanies or is associated with another; an attendant circumstance.	Somebody with whom one works, coworker, colleague.
associate	verb	To accompany; to be in the company of.	To be associative.	To connect evidentially, or in the mind or imagination.	To connect or join together; combine.	To endorse.	To join as a partner, ally, or friend.	To join in or form a league, union, or association.	To spend time socially; keep company.
philosophy	noun	A broader branch of (non-applied) science.	A calm and thoughtful demeanor; calmness of temper.	A comprehensive system of belief.	A general principle (usually moral).	A view or outlook regarding fundamental principles underlying some domain.	An academic discipline that seeks truth through reasoning rather than empiricism, often attempting to provide explanations relating to general concepts such as existence and rationality.	Synonym of small pica (especially in French printing).	The love of wisdom.
philosophy	verb	To philosophize.
rapidly	adv	With speed; in a rapid manner.
chairman	noun	A person presiding over a meeting.	Someone whose job is to carry people in a portable chair, sedan chair, or similar conveyance.	The head of a corporate or governmental board of directors, a committee, or other formal entity.
chairman	verb	To serve as chairman.
charm	noun	A flock, group (especially of finches).	A quantum number of hadrons determined by the number of charm quarks and antiquarks.	A second-order measure of derivative price sensitivity, expressed as the instantaneous rate of change of delta with respect to time.	A small trinket on a bracelet or chain, etc., traditionally supposed to confer luck upon the wearer.	An icon providing quick access to a command or setting.	An object, act or words believed to have magic power (usually carries a positive connotation).	The ability to persuade, delight or arouse admiration.	The collective noun for a group of goldfinches.	The mixed sound of many voices, especially of birds or children.
charm	verb	To make music upon.	To protect with, or make invulnerable by, spells, charms, or supernatural influences.	To seduce, persuade or fascinate someone or something.	To subdue or overcome by some secret power, or by that which gives pleasure; to allay; to soothe.	To use a magical charm upon; to subdue, control, or summon by incantation or supernatural influence; to ensorcel or exert a magical effect on.
invention	noun	A small, self-contained composition, particularly those in J.S. Bach’s Two- and Three-part Inventions.	Something invented.	The act of discovering or finding; the act of finding out; discovery.	The act of inventing.	The capacity to invent.
staff	noun	A form of token once used, in combination with a ticket, for safe train movements between two points on a single line.	A long, straight, thick wooden rod or stick, especially one used to assist in walking.	A mixture of plaster and fibre used as a temporary exterior wall covering.ᵂ	A pole upon which a flag is supported and displayed.	A pole, stick, or wand borne as an ensign of authority; a badge of office.	A series of horizontal lines on which musical notes are written; a stave.	A series of verses so disposed that, when it is concluded, the same order begins again; a stanza; a stave.	An arbor, as of a wheel or a pinion of a watch.	An establishment of officers in various departments attached to an army, to a section of an army, or to the commander of an army. The general's staff consists of those officers about his person who are employed in carrying his commands into execution.	Misspelling of staph.	The grooved director for the gorget, or knife, used in cutting for stone in the bladder.	The rung of a ladder.	plural of staffer
staff	verb	To supply (a business, volunteer organization, etc.) with employees or staff members.
frequently	adv	At frequent intervals.	For infinitely many terms of the sequence.
seed	noun	A commercial message in a creative format placed on relevant sites on the Internet. (seed idea or seed message)	A fertilized and ripened ovule, containing an embryonic plant.	A fragment of coral.	A precursor.	A small bubble formed in imperfectly fused glass.	A small particle, bubble, or imperfection that serves as a nucleation point for some process.	An amount of seeds that cannot be readily counted.	Any propagative portion of a plant which may be sown, such as true seeds, seed-like fruits, tubers, or bulbs.	Any small seed-like fruit.	Offspring, descendants, progeny.	Race; generation; birth.	Semen.	The competitor or team occupying a given seed (position).	The initial position of a competitor or team in a tournament. (seed position)	The initial state, condition or position of a changing, growing or developing process; the ultimate precursor in a defined chain of precursors.	The initialization state of a pseudorandom number generator or similar system. (seed number)
seed	verb	To allocate a seeding to a competitor.	To be qualified to compete, especially in a quarter-final, semi-final, or final.	To cover thinly with something scattered; to ornament with seedlike decorations.	To ejaculate inside the penetratee during intercourse, especially in the rectum.	To grow to maturity.	To leave (files) available for others to download through peer-to-peer file sharing protocols (e.g. BitTorrent).	To plant or sow an area with seeds.	To produce seed.	To scatter small particles within (a cloud or airmass) in order to trigger the formation of rain.	To start; to provide, assign or determine the initial resources for, position of, state of.	simple past and past participle of see
eager	adj	Brittle; inflexible; not ductile.	Desirous; keen to do or obtain something.	Not employing lazy evaluation; calculating results immediately, rather than deferring calculation until they are required.	Sharp; keen; bitter; severe.	Sharp; sour; acid.
eager	verb	To be or become eager.	To express eagerness.	To make or encourage to be eager
eager	noun	Alternative form of eagre (tidal bore).
constantly	adv	In a constant manner; occurring continuously; persistently.	In an unchangeable or invariable manner; in every case.	Recurring regularly.	With steadfastness; with resolve; in loyalty, faithfully.
resemble	verb	To be like or similar to (something); to represent as similar.	To cause to imitate or be like; to make similar.	To compare; to regard as similar, to liken.	To counterfeit; to imitate.
quote	noun	A price set and offered (by the potential seller) for a financial security or commodity.	A quotation mark.	A quotation; a statement attributed to a person.	A summary of work to be done with a set price.
quote	verb	To indicate verbally or by equivalent means the start of a quotation.	To name the current price, notably of a financial security.	To observe, to take account of.	To prepare a summary of work to be done and set a price; to estimate.	To repeat (the exact words of a person).
quote	intj	Used in speech to indicate the start of a quotation.
safely	adv	In a safe manner; without risk; using caution above all else.	In a secure manner; without the possibility of injury or harm resulting.
pillow	noun	A block under the inner end of a bowsprit.	A kind of plain, coarse fustian.	A piece of metal or wood, forming a support to equalize pressure; a brass; a pillow block.	A pillow lava.	A soft cushion used to support the head in bed.	Any similar head support used for sleep, such as a neck pillow or a hard porcelain pillow. Example: She slept with her head on the pillow.	The socket of a pivot.
pillow	verb	To rest as on a pillow.
ah	intj	A syllable used to fill space, particularly in music.	An expression of relief, relaxation, comfort, confusion, understanding, wonder, awe, etc. according to uttered inflection.	Used condescendingly, somewhat like “see?” or “I told you so”.	Yuck.
ah	noun	An instance of the interjection ah.
ah	verb	To give a cry of "ah".
ah	pron	Pronunciation spelling of I, most often indicating that the speaker is using a Scottish or American (particularly Southern) accent.
ah	particle	A confirmative final particle used to ascertain the continued attention of the listener.	A particle indicating the topic of a sentence from its comment.	A vocative particle, now mostly used by Chinese elders for direct address (over telephone calls, or if the addressee is far away).	Emphasizes the need for absolute confirmation or acknowledgment, sometimes used when asking for permission.	Marks a yes–no tag question prompting the listener to clarify or confirm something.	Reinforces a short, non-rhetorical wh-question.	Used as an intensifier in fixed expressions, sometimes exhortative in meaning.
fridge	noun	A refrigerator.
fridge	verb	Synonym of fidge (“to jostle or shake; to fidget, to fig, to frig”).	To chafe or rub (something).	To chafe or rub.	To gratuitously kill, disempower, or otherwise remove (a character, usually female) from a narrative, often strictly to hurt another character (usually male) and motivate vengeance.	To place (something) inside a refrigerator to chill; to refrigerate.
cheating	verb	present participle and gerund of cheat
cheating	noun	An act of deception, fraud, trickery, imposture, imposition or infidelity.	The arrangement of people or items in a film so as to give the (false) impression that shots are taken from different angles in the same location.
cheating	adj	Unfaithful or adulterous.	Unsporting or underhand.
excite	verb	To arouse or bring out (e.g. feelings); to stimulate.	To cause an electron to move to a higher than normal state; to promote an electron to an outer level.	To energize (an electromagnet); to produce a magnetic field in.	To stir the emotions of.
explosion	noun	A sudden, uncontrolled or rapid increase, expansion, or bursting out.	A violent release of energy (sometimes mechanical, nuclear, or chemical); an act or instance of exploding.	The sound of an explosion.
flame	noun	A brilliant reddish orange-gold fiery colour.	A brilliant reddish orange-gold fiery colour.
flame:	A romantic partner or lover in a usually short-lived but passionate affair.	A variety of carnation.	An aggressively insulting criticism or remark.	Burning zeal, passion, imagination, excitement, or anger.	The contrasting light and dark figure seen in wood used for stringed instrument making; the curl.	The visible part of fire; a stream of burning vapour or gas, emitting light and heat.	flame
flame	adj	Of a brilliant reddish orange-gold colour, like that of a flame.
flame	verb	To burst forth like flame; to break out in violence of passion; to be kindled with zeal or ardour.	To post a destructively critical or abusive message (to somebody).	To produce flames; to burn with a flame or blaze.
honey	noun	A spectrum of pale yellow to brownish-yellow color, like that of most types of (the sweet substance) honey.	A sweet, viscous, gold-colored fluid produced from plant nectar by bees, and often consumed by humans.	A term of affection.	A variety of this substance.	A woman, especially an attractive one.	Nectar.	Something sweet or desirable.
honey	adj	Honey-sweet.	Involving or resembling honey.	Of a pale yellow to brownish-yellow color, like most types of honey.
honey	verb	To add honey to.	To be gentle, agreeable, or coaxing; to talk fondly; to use endearments.	To be or become obsequiously courteous or complimentary; to fawn.	To sweeten; to make agreeable.
treasure	noun	A collection of valuable things; accumulated wealth; a stock of money, jewels, etc.	A term of endearment.	Anything greatly valued.	The female genitals; pudenda.
treasure	verb	To consider to be precious; to value highly.	To enrich.	To store or stow in a safe place.
declare	verb	For a constituency in an election to officially announce the result	The decision of the captain to let the bowling side bat in test cricket to save time without being all out.	To assert or announce formally, officially, explicitly, or emphatically.	To explicitly establish the existence of (a variable, function, etc.) without necessarily describing its content.	To inform government customs or taxation officials of goods one is importing or of income, expenses, or other circumstances affecting one's taxes.	To make clear, explain, interpret.	To show one's cards in order to score.	To state that a thing shall happen or affirm a condition in the hopes of seeing it happen spiritually, in contrast to prayer which takes the form of a request.	to declare war
subway	noun	2012, Andrew Martin, Underground Overground: A passenger's history of the Tube, Profile Books, →ISBN, page 98	2012, Andrew Martin, Underground Overground: A passenger's history of the Tube, Profile Books, →ISBN, page 98:
In 1884 Greathead was part of a syndicate that obtained powers for another subway – 'The City of London & Southwark Subway'. The term 'subway' sounded more sophisticated than 'underground railway', which was associated with the sulphurous Metropolitan, and it would be adopted by New York for its own electric metro when work started on that in 1904.	A rapid transit system, regardless of the elevation of its right of way; a metro system.	A train that runs on such an underground railway.	An underground railway, especially for mass transit of people in urban areas.	An underground route for creatures (e.g. bats).	An underground route for pipes, sewers, etc.	An underground walkway, tunnel for pedestrians (called pedestrian underpass in US).	In 1884 Greathead was part of a syndicate that obtained powers for another subway – 'The City of London & Southwark Subway'. The term 'subway' sounded more sophisticated than 'underground railway', which was associated with the sulphurous Metropolitan, and it would be adopted by New York for its own electric metro when work started on that in 1904.
subway	verb	To travel by underground railway.
romantic	adj	Alternative letter-case form of Romantic	Experiencing romantic attraction.	Fantastic, unrealistic (of an idea etc.); fanciful, sentimental, impractical (of a person).	Fictitious, imaginary.	Having the qualities of romance (in the sense of something appealing deeply to the imagination); invoking on a powerfully sentimental idea of life; evocative, atmospheric.	Of a work of literature, a writer etc.: being like or having the characteristics of a romance, or poetic tale of a mythic or quasi-historical time; fantastic.	Pertaining to an idealised form of love (originally, as might be felt by the heroes of a romance); conducive to romance; loving, affectionate.
romantic	noun	A person who is behaving romantically (in a manner befitting someone who feels an idealized form of love).	A person with romantic character (a character like those of the knights in a mythic romance).
alike	adj	Having resemblance or similitude; similar; without difference.
alike	adv	In the same manner, form, or degree; in common; equally.	Used after a list of subjects to indicate that something applies equally to all of them.
minor	adj	Acting as the subject of the second premise of a categorical syllogism, which then also acts as the subject of its conclusion.	Having little worth or ability; paltry; mean.	Having semibreves twice as long as a minim.	Including both directed and undirected edges.	Incorporating a minor third interval above the (in scales) tonic or (in chords) root note, (also figurative) tending to produce a dark, discordant, sad, or pensive effect.	Lesser, smaller in importance, size, degree, seriousness, or significance compared to another option	Lesser, smaller in importance, size, degree, seriousness, or significance compared to another option, particularly	Not serious, not involving risk of death, permanent injury, dangerous surgery, or extended hospitalization.	Of or related to a minor, a determinate obtained by deleting one or more rows and columns from a matrix.	Of or related to a minor, a secondary area of undergraduate study.	Of or related to a minority party.	Of or related to the relationship between the longa and the breve in a score.	Smaller by a diatonic semitone than the equivalent major interval.	The younger of two pupils (or the middle of three) with the same surname.	Underage, not having reached legal majority.
minor	noun	A child, a person who has not reached the age of majority, consent, etc. and is legally subject to fewer responsibilities and less accountability and entitled to fewer legal rights and privileges.	A determinant of a square matrix obtained by deleting one or more rows and columns.	A formally recognized secondary area of undergraduate study, requiring fewer course credits than the equivalent major.	A leaf-cutter worker ant intermediate in size between a minim and a media.	A lesser person or thing, a person, group, or thing of minor rank or in the minor leagues.	A person who is completing or has completed such a course of study.	Alternative letter-case form of Minor: a Franciscan friar, a Clarist nun.	An adolescent, a person above the legal age of puberty but below the age of majority.	Any of various noctuid moths in Europe and Asia, chiefly in the Oligia and Mesoligia genera.	Changes rung on six bells.	Ellipsis of minor interval, minor scale, minor mode, minor key, minor chord, or minor triad.	Ellipsis of minor league (“the lower level of teams”).	Ellipsis of minor penalty (“a penalty requiring a player to leave the ice for 2 minutes unless the opposing team scores”).	Ellipsis of minor point (“a lesser score formerly gained by certain actions”).	Ellipsis of minor suit, a card of a minor suit.	Ellipsis of minor term or minor premise.	Short for graph minor	Synonym of behind: a one-point kick.	Synonym of subtrahend, the amount subtracted from a number.	The younger brother of a pupil.
minor	verb	Used in a phrasal verb: minor in.
mobile	adj	Capable of being moved, aroused, or excited; capable of spontaneous movement.	Capable of being moved, especially on wheels.	Changing in appearance and expression under the influence of the mind.	Characterized by an extreme degree of fluidity; moving or flowing with great freedom.	Easily moved in feeling, purpose, or direction; excitable; changeable; fickle.	Pertaining to or by agency of mobile phones.
mobile	noun	A kinetic sculpture or decorative arrangement made of items hanging so that they can move independently from each other.	Ellipsis of mobile phone.	One who moves or can move (e.g. to travel).	Synonym of mob (“non-player character”).	The internet accessed via mobile devices.
overcome	verb	To come or pass over; to spread over.	To overflow; to surcharge.	To prevail.	To recover from (a difficulty), to get over	To surmount (a physical or abstract obstacle); to prevail over, to get the better of.	To win against or prevail over in some sort of battle, contest, etc.
overcome	noun	A surplus.	The burden or recurring theme in a song.
overcome	adj	That has been overcome, prevailed over.
supplies	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of supply
supplies	noun	Financial resources supplied, often for a particular purpose.	plural of supply
violent	adj	Acute, extreme, sharp.	Intensely vivid.	Involving extreme force or motion.	Involving physical conflict.	Likely to use physical force.	Produced or effected by force; not spontaneous; unnatural.
violent	verb	To urge with violence.
violent	noun	An assailant.
bargain	noun	A gainful transaction; an advantageous purchase.	An agreement between parties concerning the sale of property; or a contract by which one party binds themself to transfer the right to some property for a consideration, and the other party binds themself to receive the property and pay the consideration.	An agreement or stipulation; mutual pledge.	An item purchased for significantly less than the usual, or recommended, price	The thing stipulated or purchased.
bargain	verb	To make a bargain; to make a deal or contract for the exchange of property or services; to negotiate; to haggle.	To transfer for a consideration; to barter; to trade
prime	adj	Early; blooming; being in the first stage.	First in excellence, quality, or value.	First in importance, degree, or rank.	First in time, order, or sequence.	Having exactly two integral factors: itself and unity (1 in the case of integers).	Having its complement closed under multiplication.	Lecherous, lewd, lustful.	Marked or distinguished by the prime symbol.	Such that if it divides a product, it divides one of the multiplicands.	Such that the annihilator of any nonzero submodule is equal to the annihilator of the whole module.
prime	noun	A feather, from the wing of the cock ostrich, that is of the palest possible shade.	A four-card hand containing one card of each suit in the game of primero; the opposite of a flush in poker.	A prime element of a mathematical structure, particularly a prime number.	A series of consecutive blocks. A prime of six prevents the opponent's pieces from passing.	A stimulus which causes priming.	An inch, as composed of twelve seconds in the duodecimal system.	An intermediate sprint within a race, usually offering a prize and/or points.	Any number expressing the combining weight or equivalent of any particular element; so called because these numbers were respectively reduced to their lowest relative terms on the fixed standard of hydrogen as 1.	Contraction of prime lens, a film lens.	Something which is first in importance or rank: a prime defense company, mortgage lender, etc.	The chief or best individual or part.	The earliest stage of something.	The early morning generally.	The first defensive position, with the sword hand held at head height, and the tip of the sword at head height.	The first hour of daylight; the first canonical hour.	The first note or tone of a musical scale.	The most active, thriving, or successful stage or period.	The priming in a flintlock.	The religious service appointed to this hour.	The symbol ′ used to indicate feet, minutes, derivation and other measures and mathematical operations.
prime	verb	To apply a coat of primer paint to.	To apply priming to (a musket or cannon); to apply a primer to (a metallic cartridge).	To be renewed.	To fill or prepare the chamber of a mechanism for its main work.	To instruct beforehand, as for an examination; to coach.	To mark with a prime mark.	To prepare; to make ready.	To serve as priming for the charge of a gun.	To trim or prune.	To work so that foaming occurs from too violent ebullition, which causes water to become mixed with, and be carried along with, the steam that is formed.
response	noun	A reaction to a stimulus or provocation.	A reply to an objection in formal disputation.	A verse, sentence, phrase, or word said or sung by the choir or congregation in sequence or reply to the priest or officiant.	A versicle or anthem said or sung during or after a lection; a respond or responsory.	An answer or reply, or something in the nature of an answer or reply.	An online advertising performance metric representing one click-through from an online ad to its destination URL.	An oracular answer.	The act of responding or replying; reply: as, to speak in response to a question.
carrot	noun	A police officer from somewhere within the British Isles, but specifically outside of Greater London.	A redhead; a ginger-haired person	A shade of orange similar to the flesh of most carrots (also called carrot orange).	A vegetable with a nutritious, juicy, sweet root that is often orange in colour, Daucus carota, family Apiaceae, especially the subspecies sativus.	Any motivational tool; an incentive to do something.	Someone from a rural background.
carrot	verb	To treat (an animal pelt) with a solution of mercuric nitrate as part of felt manufacture.
statue	noun	A portrait.	A three-dimensional work of art, usually representing a person or animal, usually created by sculpting, carving, molding, or casting.
statue	verb	To form a statue of; to make into a statue.
Little	name	A characteristical surname.	An unincorporated community in Breathitt County, Kentucky, United States, named after the local Little family.	An unincorporated community in Tyler County, West Virginia, United States.
criticism	noun	A critical observation or detailed examination and review.	The act of criticising; a critical judgment passed or expressed
suitable	adj	Having sufficient or the required properties for a certain purpose or task; appropriate to a certain occasion.
precious	adj	Blasted; damned.	Contrived to be cute or charming.	Excessively complicated.	Extremely protective or strict (about something).	Of high value or worth.	Regarded with love or tenderness.	Thorough; utter.	Treated with too much reverence.
precious	noun	Someone (or something) who is loved; a darling.
precious	adv	Very; an intensifier.
assistance	noun	Aid; help; the act or result of assisting.
tent	noun	A kind of red wine of a deep red color, chiefly from Galicia or Malaga in Spain.	A pavilion or portable lodge consisting of skins, canvas, or some strong cloth, stretched and sustained by poles, used for sheltering people from the weather.	A portable pulpit set up outside to accommodate worshippers who cannot fit into a church.	A probe for searching a wound.	A roll of lint or linen, or a conical or cylindrical piece of sponge or other absorbent, used chiefly to dilate a natural canal, to keep open the orifice of a wound, or to absorb discharges.	A trouser tent; a piece of fabric, etc. protruding outward like a tent.	Attention; regard, care.	Intention; design.	The representation of a tent used as a bearing.
tent	verb	Synonym of fumigate.	To attend to; to heed	To form into a tent-like shape.	To go camping.	To probe or to search with a tent; to keep open with a tent.	To prop up aluminum foil in an inverted "V" (reminiscent of a pop-up tent) over food to reduce splatter, before putting it in the oven.	to guard; to hinder.
ink	noun	A particular type, color or container of this fluid.	A pigment (or dye)-based fluid used for writing, printing etc.	Cheap red wine.	Publicity.	Tattoo work.	The black or dark-colored fluid ejected by squid, octopus etc, as a protective strategy.
ink	verb	To apply a tattoo to (someone).	To apply ink to; to cover or smear with ink.	To sign (a contract or similar document).	to eject ink (sense 3)
Dr	noun	Abbreviation of drums (of a rock band)	Doctor, a title used before a doctor's name or surname (Dr Jane Doe, Dr Doe)	debit	debitor	drive, used in street names
pitch	noun	A dark, extremely viscous material still remaining after distilling crude oil and tar.	A descent; a fall; a thrusting down.	A level or degree, or (by extension), a peak or highest degree.	A measure of the angle of attack of a propeller.	A person's or animal's height.	A point or peak; the extreme point of elevation or depression.	A section of a climb or rock face; specifically, the climbing distance between belays or stances.	A short, high, lofty shot that lands with backspin.	A sticky, gummy substance secreted by trees; sap.	A throw; a toss; a cast, as of something from the hand.	A vertical cave passage, only negotiable by using rope or ladders.	An area in a market (or similar) allocated to a particular trader.	An area on a campsite intended for occupation by a single tent, caravan or similar.	An effort to sell or promote something.	Collectively, the outermost points of some part of the body, especially the shoulders or hips.	In an a cappella group, the singer responsible for singing a note for the other members to tune themselves by.	Pitchstone.	Prominence; importance.	That point of the ground on which the ball pitches or lights when bowled.	The act of pitching a baseball.	The angle at which an object sits.	The degree to which a vehicle, especially a ship or aircraft, rotates on such an axis, tilting its bow or nose up or down.	The distance between evenly spaced objects, e.g. the teeth of a saw or gear, the turns of a screw thread, the centres of holes, or letters in a monospace font.	The field of battle.	The field on which cricket, soccer, rugby, gridiron or field hockey is played. (In cricket, the pitch is in the centre of the field; see cricket pitch.) (Not often used in the US or Canada, where "field" is the preferred word.)	The height a bird reaches in flight, especially a bird of prey preparing to swoop down on its prey.	The limit of ground set to a miner who receives a share of the ore taken out.	The most thrust-out point of a headland or cape.	The perceived frequency of a sound, note or electromagnetic wave.	The place where a busker performs, a prostitute solicits clients, or an illegal gambling game etc. is set up before the public.	The point where a declivity begins; hence, the declivity itself; a descending slope; the degree or rate of descent or slope; slant.	The rotation angle about the transverse axis.	The standard to which a group of musical instruments are tuned or in which a piece is performed, usually by reference to the frequency to which the musical note A above middle C is tuned.
pitch	verb	To add yeast as a step while making beer	To alight; to settle; to come to rest from flight.	To assemble or erect (a tent). Also used figuratively.	To attack, or position or assemble for attack.	To bounce on the playing surface.	To cover or smear with pitch.	To darken; to blacken; to obscure.	To deliver in a certain tone or style, or with a certain audience in mind.	To discard (a card) for some gain.	To fix one's choice.	To fix or place a tent or temporary habitation; to encamp.	To fix or set the tone of.	To move so that the front of an aircraft or boat goes alternatively up and down.	To play a short, high, lofty shot that lands with backspin.	To play baseball in the position of pitcher.	To plunge or fall; especially, to fall forward; to decline or slope.	To produce a note of a given pitch.	To promote, advertise, or attempt to sell.	To set at an angle, especially a downwards one; to cause to tilt.	To set or fix (a price or value).	To set, face, or pave (an embankment or roadway) with rubble or undressed stones.	To settle and build up, without melting.	To throw (the ball) toward a batter at home plate.	To throw away; discard.	To throw.
pitch	adj	Intense, deep, dark.	Very dark black; pitch-black.
injury	noun	Damage to the body of a living thing.	Injustice.	Other forms of damage sustained by a living thing, e.g. psychologically.	The violation of a person's reputation, rights, property, or interests.
injury	verb	To wrong, to injure.
moral	adj	Capable of right and wrong action.	Conforming to a standard of right behaviour; sanctioned by or operative on one's conscience or ethical judgment.	Of or relating to principles of right and wrong in behaviour, especially for teaching right behaviour.	Positively affecting the mind, confidence, or will.	Probable but not proved.
moral	noun	A depiction of good or heroic actions.	A moral certainty.	A morality play.	An exact counterpart.	Moral practices or teachings: modes of conduct.	The ethical significance or practical lesson.
moral	verb	To moralize.
slice	noun	A broad, thin piece of plaster.	A contiguous portion of an array.	A hawk's or falcon's dropping which squirts at an angle other than vertical. (See mute.)	A kind of cut shot where the bat makes an obtuse angle with the batter.	A knife with a thin, broad blade for taking up or serving fish; also, a spatula for spreading anything, as paint or ink.	A piece of pizza, shaped like a sector of a circle.	A plate of iron with a handle, forming a kind of chisel, or a spadelike implement, variously proportioned, and used for various purposes, as for stripping the planking from a vessel's side, for cutting blubber from a whale, or for stirring a fire of coals; a slice bar; a peel; a fire shovel.	A removable sliding bottom to a galley.	A salver, platter, or tray.	A section of image taken of an internal organ using MRI (magnetic resonance imaging), CT (computed tomography), or various forms of x-ray.	A shot that (for the right-handed player) curves unintentionally to the right. See fade, hook, draw.	A snack consisting of pastry with savoury filling.	A thin, broad piece cut off.	An amount of anything.	Any of a class of heavy cakes or desserts made in a tray and cut out into squarish slices.	One of the wedges by which the cradle and the ship are lifted clear of the building blocks to prepare for launching.	That which is thin and broad.
slice	verb	To angle the blade so that it goes too deeply into the water when starting to take a stroke.	To clear (e.g. a fire, or the grate bars of a furnace) by means of a slice bar.	To cut into slices.	To cut with an edge using a drawing motion.	To hit a shot that slices (travels from left to right for a right-handed player).	To hit the ball with a stroke that causes a spin, resulting in the ball swerving or staying low after a bounce.	To hit the shuttlecock with the racket at an angle, causing it to move sideways and downwards.	To kick the ball so that it goes in an unintended direction, at too great an angle or too high.
slice	adj	Having the properties of a slice knot.
chew	verb	To crush with the teeth by repeated closing and opening of the jaws; done to food to soften it and break it down by the action of saliva before it is swallowed.	To grind, tear, or otherwise degrade or demolish something with teeth or as with teeth.	To think about something; to ponder; to chew over.
chew	noun	A plug or wad of chewing tobacco; chaw or a chaw.	A small sweet, such as a taffy, that is eaten by chewing.	Chewing tobacco.	Level of chewiness.	The act of chewing; mastication with the mouth.	The condition of something being torn or ground up mechanically.
reward	noun	A prize promised for a certain deed or catch	Something of value given in return for an act.	The result of an action, whether good or bad.
reward	verb	To be a recompense for.	To give (something) as a reward.	To give a reward to or for.
consideration	noun	A matter of inducement for something promised; something valuable given as recompense for a promise, which causes the promise to become binding as a contract.	A payment or other recompense for something done.	Importance or regard; a claim to notice or attention.	Something considered as a reason or ground for a (possible) decision.	The tendency to consider others and make allowances for their needs or desires.	The thought process of considering, of taking multiple or specified factors into account (with of being the main corresponding adposition).
charming	adj	Delightful in a playful way which avoids responsibility or seriousness, as if attracting through a magical charm.	Pleasant, charismatic.
charming	verb	present participle and gerund of charm
charming	noun	The casting of a magical charm.
charming	intj	Used in response to behaviour or language considered offensive or uncouth.
besides	prep	Beside, next to.	In addition to.	Other than; except for; instead of.
besides	adv	Also; in addition.	On one side.	Otherwise; else.	Used to emphasize an additional point, especially an important or stronger reason; moreover; furthermore.
queen	noun	A chess piece that, under contemporary rules, is the most powerful, able to move any number of spaces horizontally, vertically, or diagonally.	A female monarch.	A homosexual man, especially one regarded as effeminate.	A monarch butterfly (Danaus spp., especially Danaus gilippus).	A playing card with a depiction of a queen on it, generally ranking next below the king and above the jack in a given suit.	A queen apple.	A queen scallop.	A red disk that is the most valuable piece in the Asian game of carrom.	A reproductive female insect in a hive, such as an ant, bee, termite or wasp.	A type of flatfish, specifically the lemon sole.	A type of large roofing slate.	A woman pre-eminent in a particular group or field.	A woman whose pre-eminence, power, or forcefulness is comparable to that of a queen.	An adult female cat capable of breeding.	An attractive woman; a female partner in a romantic relationship.	An excellent woman.	Ellipsis of drag queen.	Ellipsis of queen olive.	Ellipsis of queen post.	Pertaining to a queen-size bed or queen-size bedding.	Referring to one of several items used in tabletop games:	Something regarded as the greatest of its kind or as having pre-eminence or power comparable to that of a queen over a given area.	The Virgin Mary (especially in formulations such as Queen of Heaven, Queen of Glory).	The wife, consort, or widow of a king.
queen	verb	To act the part of a queen; to behave imperiously; to queen it.	To be the queen bee of a colony.	To make a queen or (figuratively) to give the status of a queen.	To promote a pawn to a queen.	To provide with a new queen bee.	To sit on a person’s face to receive oral sex, typically while straddling the person’s head.
bloom	noun	A blossom; the flower of a plant; an expanded bud.	A bright-hued variety of some minerals.	A fan of Filipino girl group BINI.	A natural protective coating on an eggshell.	A state or time of beauty, freshness, and vigor; an opening to higher perfection, analogous to that of buds into blossoms.	A white area of cocoa butter that forms on the surface of chocolate when warmed and cooled.	A yellowish deposit or powdery coating which appears on well-tanned leather.	An algal bloom.	An undesirable halo effect that may occur when a very bright region is displayed next to a very dark region of the screen.	Anything giving an appearance of attractive freshness.	Flowers.	Rosy colour; the flush or glow on a person's cheek.	The clouded appearance which varnish sometimes takes upon the surface of a picture.	The delicate, powdery coating upon certain growing or newly-gathered fruits or leaves, as on grapes, plums, etc.	The increase in bullet spread over time as a gun's trigger is kept held.	The opening of flowers in general; the state of blossoming or of having the flowers open.	The spongy mass of metal formed in a furnace by the smelting process.
bloom	verb	Of a person, business, etc, to flourish; to be in a state of healthful, growing youth and vigour; to show beauty and freshness.	Of a plant, to produce blooms; to open its blooms.	To bestow a bloom upon; to make blooming or radiant.	To bring out the flavor of a spice by cooking it in oil.	To cause to blossom; to make flourish.	To develop a layer of bloom (white, spotty areas of cocoa butter) due to repeated warming and cooling.	To hydrate ingredients (such as gelatin or yeast) before using them.	To let carbon dioxide to escape from coffee in order to improve the taste.	To spread; to slowly expand like a field of flowers that blossom in fits and spurts.
gray	adj	Dreary, gloomy.	Gray-haired.	Of a colour between black and white.	Of an indistinct, disputed or uncertain quality.	Old.	Relating to older people.
gray	verb	To become gray.	To cause to become gray.	To give a soft effect to (a photograph) by covering the negative while printing with a ground-glass plate.	To turn progressively older, alluding to graying of hair through aging (used in context of the population of a geographic region)
gray	noun	A gray whale, Eschrichtius robustus.	A penny with a tail on both sides, used for cheating.	An achromatic colour between black and white.	An animal or thing of grey colour, such as a horse, badger, or salmon.	In the International System of Units, the derived unit of absorbed dose of radiation (radiation absorbed by a patient); one joule of energy absorbed per kilogram of the patient's mass. Symbol: Gy	Synonym of grey alien.
signal	noun	A sequence of states representing an encoded message in a communication channel.	A sign made to give notice of some occurrence, command, or danger, or to indicate the start of a concerted action.	A signalling interaction between cells	A simple interprocess communication used to notify a process or thread of an occurrence.	A token; an indication; a foreshadowing; a sign.	An action, change or process done to convey information and thus reduce uncertainty.	An electromagnetic action, normally a voltage that is a function of time, that conveys the information of the radio or TV program or of communication with another party.	An on-off light, semaphore, or other device used to give an indication to another person.	Any variation of a quantity or change in an entity over time that conveys information upon detection.	Useful information, as opposed to noise.
signal	verb	To communicate with (a person or system) by a signal.	To indicate; to convey or communicate by a signal.
signal	adj	Standing above others in rank, importance, or achievement.
parttime		
purchase	noun	A price paid for a house or estate, etc. equal to the amount of the rent or income during the stated number of years.	Acquisition of lands or tenements by means other than descent or inheritance, namely, by one's own act or agreement.	Any mechanical hold or advantage, applied to the raising or removing of heavy bodies, as by a lever, a tackle or capstan.	That which is obtained for a price in money or its equivalent.	That which is obtained, got or acquired, in any manner, honestly or dishonestly; property; possession; acquisition.	The acquisition of title to, or property in, anything for a price; buying for money or its equivalent.	The act or process of seeking and obtaining something (e.g. property, etc.)	The amount of hold one has from an individual foothold or ledge.	The apparatus, tackle or device by which such mechanical advantage is gained and (in nautical terminology) the ratio of such a device, like a pulley, or block and tackle.
purchase	verb	To apply to (anything) a device for obtaining a mechanical advantage; to get a purchase upon, or apply a purchase to; to raise or move by mechanical means.	To buy, obtain by payment of a price in money or its equivalent.	To constitute the buying power for a purchase, have a trading value.	To expiate by a fine or forfeit.	To obtain by any outlay, as of labor, danger, or sacrifice, etc.	To pursue and obtain; to acquire by seeking; to gain, obtain, or acquire.	To put forth effort to obtain anything; to strive; to exert oneself.
spill	verb	To be destroyed, ruined, or wasted; to come to ruin; to perish; to waste.	To cause or flow out and be lost or wasted; to shed.	To cause to be thrown from a mount, a carriage, etc.	To come undone.	To cover or decorate with slender pieces of wood, metal, ivory, etc.; to inlay.	To drop something so that it spreads out or makes a mess; to accidentally pour.	To drop something that was intended to be caught.	To express (something), especially repeatedly or floridly; to be expressed.	To mar; to damage; to destroy by misuse; to waste.	To open the leadership of a parliamentary party for re-election.	To overflow or flow out, over or off something.	To overflow out of a designated area.	To relieve a sail from the pressure of the wind, so that it can be more easily reefed or furled, or to lessen the strain.	To reveal information to an uninformed party.	To spread out or fall out, as above.
spill	noun	A declaration that the leadership of a parliamentary party is vacant, and open for re-election. Short form of leadership spill.	A fall or stumble.	A mess of something that has been dropped.	A metallic rod or pin.	A peg or pin for plugging a hole, as in a cask'; a spile.	A slender piece of anything.	A small stick or piece of paper used to light a candle, cigarette etc by the transfer of a flame from a fire.	A small sum of money.	A spillikin.	A splinter caught in the skin.	One of the thick laths or poles driven horizontally ahead of the main timbering in advancing a level in loose ground.	The situation where sound is picked up by a microphone from a source other than that which is intended.
ladder	noun	A frame, usually portable, of wood, metal, or rope, used for ascent and descent, consisting of two side pieces to which are fastened rungs (cross strips or rounds acting as steps).	A length of unravelled fabric in a knitted garment, especially in nylon stockings; a run.	A sequence of moves following a zigzag pattern and ultimately leading to the capture of the attacked stones.	A series of stages by which one progresses to a better position.	The hierarchy or ranking system within an organization, such as the corporate ladder.
ladder	verb	Of a knitted garment: to develop a ladder as a result of a broken thread.	To arrange or form into a shape of a ladder.	To ascend (a building, a wall, etc.) using a ladder.	To close in on a target with successive salvos, increasing or decreasing the shot range as necessary.	To corruptly coerce a convicted offender to admit to offences to be taken into consideration which they do not actually believe they committed, as a way to artificially increase the rate of solved crimes.
briefcase	noun	A case used for carrying documents, especially for business.	In Microsoft Windows, a folder that supports file synchronization between itself and another folder.
bless	verb	To approve of or assent to.	To esteem or account happy; to felicitate.	To give or send.	To honor as holy, glorify; to extol for excellence.	To invoke divine favor upon.	To make something holy by religious rite, sanctify.	To make the sign of the cross upon, so as to sanctify.	To perform the mano gesture; taking of an elder's hand to press it to one's forehead or kiss it (as a sign of respect)	To secure, defend, or prevent from.	To turn (a reference) into an object.	To wave; to brandish.
bless	intj	Used as an expression of endearment, gratitude, or (ironically) belittlement.
version	noun	A change of form, direction, etc.; transformation; conversion.	A condition of the uterus in which its axis is deflected from its normal position without being bent upon itself. See anteversion and retroversion.	A particular revision (of software, firmware, CPU, etc.).	A school exercise, generally of composition in a foreign language.	A specific form or variation of something.	A translation from one language to another.	An account or description from a particular point of view, especially as contrasted with another account.	An eye movement involving both eyes moving synchronously and symmetrically in the same direction.	An instrumental in sound system culture.	The act of translating, or rendering, from one language into another language.
version	verb	To keep track of (a file, document, etc.) in a versioning system.
tense	noun	A grammatical aspect.	A verb form or construction indicating a combination of tense, aspect, and mood.	An inflected form of a verb that indicates tense.	The property of indicating the point in time at which an action or state of being occurs or exists.
tense	verb	To apply a tense to.	To become tense.	To make tense.
tense	adj	Characterized by strain (on the nerves, emotions, etc). (Compare charged.)	Produced with relative constriction of the vocal tract.	Pulled taut, without any slack.	Showing signs of stress or strain; not relaxed.
underestimate	verb	To estimate too low; to perceive (someone or something) as having a lower value, quantity, worth, etc., than what he/she/it actually has.	To perceive or expect (someone or something) to be less significant or difficult than it actually is.
underestimate	noun	An estimate that is too low.
angel	noun	A person having the qualities attributed to angels, such as purity or selflessness.	A person who has Angelman syndrome.	An English gold coin, bearing the figure of the archangel Michael, circulated between the 15th and 17th centuries, and varying in value from six shillings and eightpence to ten shillings.	An altitude, measured in thousands of feet.	An angel investor.	An incorporeal and sometimes divine messenger from a deity, or other divine entity, often depicted in art as a youthful winged figure in flowing robes.	An official (a bishop, or sometimes a minister) who heads a Christian church, especially a Catholic Apostolic Church.	An unidentified flying object detected by air traffic control radar.	Attendant spirit; genius; demon.	One of the lowest order of such beings, below virtues.	The person who funds a show.	someone that funds
angel	verb	To support by donating money.
gay	adj	Being in accordance with stereotypes of gay people, especially gay men.	Between two or more persons perceived to be of the same sex or gender as each other.	Considerable, great, large in number, size, or degree. In this sense, also in the variant gey.	Describing a homosexual man.	Effeminate or flamboyant in behavior.	Exhibiting appearance or behavior that accords with stereotypes of gay people, especially gay men.	Festive, bright, or colourful.	Happy, joyful, and lively.	Homosexual:	Homosexually in love with someone.	In accordance with stereotypes of homosexual people:	Infatuated with something, aligning with homosexual stereotypes.	Intended for gay people, especially gay men.	Not heterosexual, or not cisgender: homosexual, bisexual, asexual, transgender, etc.	Possessing sexual and/or romantic attraction towards people one perceives to be the same sex or gender as oneself.	Quick, fast.	Sexually promiscuous (of any gender), (sometimes particularly) engaged in prostitution.	Tending to partner or mate with other individuals of the same sex.	Upright or curved over the back.	Used to express dislike: lame, uncool, stupid, burdensome, contemptible, generally bad.
gay	noun	A homosexual, especially a male homosexual.	An ornament, a knick-knack.	Gayness: the quality of being gay.	Something which is bright or colorful, such as a picture or a flower.	The letter —, which stands for the sound /ɡ/, in Pitman shorthand.
gay	verb	To cause (something, e.g. AIDS) to be associated with homosexual people.	To make happy or cheerful.
gay	adv	Considerably, very.
lawn	noun	A piece of clothing made from lawn.	A type of thin linen or cotton.	An open space between woods.	An overgrown agar culture, such that no separation between single colonies exists.	Ground (generally in front of or around a house) covered with grass kept closely mown.	Pieces of this fabric, especially as used for the sleeves of a bishop.
lawn	verb	To furnish with a lawn.
adjust	verb	To change to fit circumstances.	To improve or rectify.	To modify.	To settle an insurance claim.
fund	noun	A large supply of something to be drawn upon.	A money-management operation, such as a mutual fund.	A sum or source of money.	An organization managing such money.
fund	verb	To form a debt into a stock charged with interest.	To pay or provide money for.	To place (money) in a fund.
painful	adj	Afflicted or suffering with pain (of a body part or, formerly, of a person).	Causing pain or distress, either physical or mental.	Painstaking; careful; industrious.	Requiring effort or labor; difficult, laborious.	Very bad, poor.
unlock	verb	To be or become unfastened or unrestrained.	To configure (a mobile phone) so that it is not bound to any particular carrier.	To disclose or reveal previously unknown knowledge or potential.	To make available.	To obtain access to something; to meet the requirements of a security or protection system.	To undermine something that has control over a situation; to find a way to counter or oppose.	To undo or open a lock or something locked by, for example, turning a key, or selecting a combination.
unlock	noun	An initially hidden feature that is made available to reward the player for some achievement.	The act of unlocking something.
stream	noun	A division of a school year by perceived ability.	A live stream.	A particular path, channel, division, or way of proceeding.	A small river; a large creek; a body of moving water confined by banks.	A source or repository of data that can be read or written only sequentially.	A thin connected passing of a liquid through a lighter gas (e.g. air).	A train of thought or flow in a conversation or discussion.	All moving waters.	An instance of streaming digital data.	Any steady flow or succession of material, such as water, air, radio signal or words.	Current, the force of moving water.	Digital data (e.g. music or video) delivered in a continuous manner to a client computer, intended for immediate consumption or playback.
stream	verb	To discharge in a stream.	To extend; to stretch out with a wavy motion; to float in the wind.	To flow in a continuous or steady manner, like a liquid.	To livestream.	To push continuous data (e.g. music) from a server to a client computer while it is being used (played) on the client.
temple	noun	A contrivance used in a loom for keeping the web stretched transversely.	A gesture wherein the forefingers are outstretched and touch pad to pad while the other fingers are clasped together.	A house of worship dedicated to a polytheistic faith.	A house of worship, especially:	A meeting house of the Oddfellows fraternity; its members.	Any place regarded as holding a religious presence.	Any place seen as an important centre for some activity.	Anything regarded as important or minutely cared for.	As opposed to an LDS meetinghouse, a church closed to non-Mormons and necessary for particular rituals.	Either of the sidepieces on a set of spectacles, extending backwards from the hinge toward the ears and, usually, turning down around them.	Synonym of synagogue, especially a non-Orthodox synagogue.	The slightly flatter region, on either side of the head of a vertebrate, including a human, behind the eye and forehead, above the zygomatic arch, and forward of the ear.
temple	verb	To build a temple for; to appropriate a temple to; to temple a god
hike	noun	A long walk, usually for pleasure or exercise.	A sharp upward tug to raise something.	An abrupt increase.	The snap of the ball to start a play.
hike	verb	To lean out to the windward side of a sailboat in order to counterbalance the effects of the wind on the sails.	To pull up or tug upwards sharply.	To snap the ball to start a play.	To take a long walk for pleasure or exercise.	To unfairly or suddenly raise a price.
hike	intj	Let's go; get moving. A command to a dog sled team, given by a musher.
organization	noun	A group of people consciously cooperating.	A group of people or other legal entities with an explicit purpose and written rules.	A major league club and all its farm teams.	The quality of being organized.	The way in which something is organized, such as a book or an article.
consciousness	noun	A being with cognition.	Acute awareness (of something) and belief in its communal relevance.	The fact of having knowledge of a particular fact or matter; cognizance.	The state of being conscious or aware; awareness.	The state or trait of having cognition and sensation; cognition and sensation themselves.
toast	noun	A person, group, or notable object to which a salutation with alcohol is made; a person or group held in similar esteem.	A piece of toast.	A proposed salutation (e.g. saying "cheers") while drinking alcohol.	A transient, informational unclickable pop-up overlay, less interactive than a snackbar.	A type of extemporaneous narrative poem or rap.	An old toast ("a lively fellow who drinks excessively").	Something that is irreparably damaged or used up, especially when destroyed by heat or fire; something which has been burnt to a crisp or incinerated.	Something that will be no more; something subject to impending destruction, harm or injury.	Toasted bread.
toast	verb	To engage in a salutation, often with raising of the drinking vessel, while drinking an alcoholic beverage in honor of someone or something.	To perform an extemporaneous narrative poem or rap.	To warm thoroughly.	to cook lightly by browning under a grill or in a toaster; to grill	to cook lightly by browning via direct exposure to a fire or other heat source
typical	adj	Capturing the overall sense of a thing.	Characteristically representing something by form, group, idea or type.	Normal, average; to be expected.	Of a lower taxon, containing the type of the higher taxon.
typical	noun	Anything that is typical, normal, or standard.
screw	noun	A (usually) metal fastener consisting of a partially or completely threaded shank, sometimes with a threaded point, and a head used to both hold the top material and to drive the screw either directly into a soft material or into a prepared hole.	A casual sexual partner.	A device that has a helical function.	A prison guard.	A ship's propeller.	A simple machine, a helical inclined plane.	A small quamtity of a material such as salt or tobacco wrapped in twist of paper.	A steam vessel propelled by a screw instead of wheels.	A straight line in space with which a definite linear magnitude termed the pitch is associated. It is used to express the displacement of a rigid body, which may always be made to consist of a rotation about an axis combined with a translation parallel to that axis.	An Archimedes screw.	An amphipod crustacean.	An extortioner; a sharp bargainer; a skinflint.	An instructor who examines with great or unnecessary severity; also, a searching or strict examination of a student by an instructor.	An old, worn-out, unsound and worthless horse.	Backspin.	Rheumatism.	Salary, wages.	Sexual intercourse; the act of screwing.	The motion of screwing something; a turn or twist to one side.
screw	verb	To cheat someone or ruin their chances in a game or other situation.	To connect or assemble pieces using a screw.	To contort.	To examine (a student) rigidly; to subject to a severe examination.	To extort or practice extortion upon; to oppress by unreasonable or extortionate exactions; to put the screws on.	To give up on, to abandon, delay, to not think about someone or something.	To have sexual intercourse with.	To leave; to go away; to scram.	To miskick (a ball) by hitting it with the wrong part of the foot.	To screw back.	Used to express great displeasure with, or contemptuous dismissal of, someone or something.
ambition	noun	A desire, as in (sense 1), for another person to achieve these things.	A personal quality similar to motivation, not necessarily tied to a single goal.	An object of an ardent desire.	Eager or inordinate desire for some object that confers distinction, as preferment, honor, superiority, political power, or fame; desire to distinguish one's self from other people.	The act of going about to solicit or obtain an office, or any other object of desire; canvassing.
ambition	verb	To seek after ambitiously or eagerly; to covet.
cab	noun	A compartment at the front of a truck or train for the driver.	A former Hebrew unit of volume, about equal to 1.3 L as a dry measure or 1.25 L as a liquid measure.	A shelter at the top of an air traffic control tower or fire lookout tower.	A similar compartment in other vehicles.	Alternative form of Cab.	An arcade cabinet, the unit in which a video game is housed in a gaming arcade.	Any of several four-wheeled carriages; a cabriolet.	Clipping of cabinet file (“a compress library archive file”).	Synonym of taxi, a vehicle available for public hire for single journeys.
cab	verb	To travel by taxicab.
password	noun	A string of characters used to log in to a computer or network, to access a level in a video game, and so on; archetypally a word but nowadays often an alphanumeric string or a phrase.	A word relayed to a person to gain admittance to a place or to gain access to information.
password	verb	To protect with a password.
ideal	adj	Existing only in the mind; conceptual, imaginary.	Not actually present, but considered as present when limits at infinity are included.	Optimal; being the best possibility.	Perfect, flawless, having no defects.	Pertaining to ideas, or to a given idea.	Teaching or relating to the doctrine of idealism.
ideal	noun	A Lie subalgebra (subspace that is closed under the Lie bracket) 𝖍 of a given Lie algebra 𝖌 such that the Lie bracket [𝖌,𝖍] is a subset of 𝖍.	A collection of sets, considered small or negligible, such that every subset of each member and the union of any two members are also members of the collection.	A non-empty lower set (of a partially ordered set) which is closed under binary suprema (a.k.a. joins).	A perfect standard of beauty, intellect etc., or a standard of excellence to aim at.	A subsemigroup with the property that if any semigroup element outside of it is added to any one of its members, the result must lie outside of it.	A two-sided ideal; a subset of a ring which is closed under both left and right multiplication by elements of the ring.
discovery	noun	A discovered attack.	A pre-trial phase in which evidence is gathered.	An act of uncovering or revealing something; a revelation.	Materials revealed to the opposing party during the pre-trial phase in which evidence is gathered.	Something discovered.	The discovering of new things.
incredible	adj	Amazing; astonishing; awe-inspiring.	Marvellous; profoundly affecting; wonderful; excellent.	Too implausible to be credible; beyond belief.
convinced	adj	In a state of believing, especially from evidence but not necessarily.
convinced	verb	simple past and past participle of convince
harvest	noun	A modern pagan ceremony held on or around the autumn equinox, which is in the harvesting season.	The process of gathering the ripened crop; harvesting.	The product or result of any exertion or course of action; reward or consequences.	The season of gathering ripened crops; specifically, the time of reaping and gathering grain.	The third season of the year; autumn; fall.	The yield of harvesting, i.e., the gathered crops or fruits.
harvest	verb	To be occupied bringing in a harvest.	To bring in a harvest; reap; glean.	To take a living organism as part of a managed process to gather food or resources, often with the intention of maintaining a healthy population.	To win, achieve a gain.
alternative	adj	Alternate, reciprocal.	Not traditional, outside the mainstream, underground.	Other; different from something else.	Presenting two or more alternatives.	Relating to a choice between two or more possibilities.
alternative	noun	A non-offensive word or phrase that serves as a replacement for a word deemed offensive or unacceptable, though not as a euphemism.	A situation which allows a mutually exclusive choice between two or more possibilities; a choice between two or more possibilities.	One of several mutually exclusive things which can be chosen.	The remaining option; something available after other possibilities have been exhausted.	alternative rock
represent	verb	To act as a representative of (a country, state, district etc.)	To bring a certain sensation of into the mind; to cause to be known, felt, or apprehended; to present.	To constitute a good example or symbol of a group of people; to acquit oneself well.	To constitute, to make up, to be an example of.	To form or image again in consciousness, as an object of cognition or apprehension (something presentative, which was originally apprehended by direct presentation).	To give an account of; to describe.	To participate as a team member	To play as if holding (a set of cards); to play as if having made (a hand).	To portray by mimicry or acting; to act the part or character of	To portray to another using language; to show; to give one's own impressions and judgement of	To portray visually; to delineate	To present again or anew; to present by means of something standing in the place of; to exhibit the counterpart or image of; to typify.	To present again, for instance for medical attention.	To present again, possibly in an altered form.	To serve as a sign or symbol of	To stand or act in the place of; to perform the duties, exercise the rights, or otherwise act on behalf of
blossom	noun	A blooming period or stage of development; something lovely that gives rich promise.	A flower, especially one indicating that a fruit tree is fruiting; (collectively) a mass of such flowers.	The colour of a horse that has white hairs intermixed with sorrel and bay hairs.	The state or season of producing such flowers.
blossom	verb	To begin to thrive or flourish.	To have, or open into, blossoms; to bloom.
children	noun	plural of child	plural of childer
cap	noun	A bullet used to shoot someone.	A capacitor.	A capillary.	A capital letter.	A capitalist.	A capsule of a drug.	A caption.	A close-fitting hat, either brimless or peaked.	A collar of iron or wood used in joining spars, as the mast and the topmast, the bowsprit and the jib boom; also, a covering of tarred canvas at the end of a rope.	A crown for covering a tooth.	A large size of writing paper.	A lie or exaggeration.	A place on a national team; an international appearance.	A portion of a spherical or other convex surface.	A protective cover or seal.	A recording or screenshot.(shortening of "capture").	A respectful uncovering of the head.	A small amount of percussive explosive in a paper strip or plastic cup for use in a toy gun.	A small explosive device used to detonate a larger charge of explosives.	A special hat to indicate rank, occupation, etc.	A wooden drinking-bowl with two handles.	An academic mortarboard.	An artificial upper limit or ceiling.	Capitalization.	Popcorn.	Something covering the top or end of a thing for protection or ornament.	The summit of a mountain, etc.	The top part of a mushroom.	The top, or uppermost part; the chief.	The uppermost of any assemblage of parts.	The whole top of the head of a bird from the base of the bill to the nape of the neck.
cap	verb	To award a cap as a mark of distinction.	To capitulate (cause to capitulate) an opponent.	To capture an objective, such as a flag or checkpoint.	To conclude; to make something even more wonderful at the end.	To convert text to uppercase.	To cover or seal with a cap.	To deprive of a cap.	To lie over or on top of something.	To lie; to tell a lie.	To salute by uncovering the head respectfully.	To select a player to play for a specified side.	To select to play for the national team.	To set (or reach) an upper limit on something.	To shoot (someone) with a firearm.	To surpass or outdo.	To take a screenshot or to record a copy of a video.
appoint	verb	To equip (someone) with (something); to assign (someone) authoritatively (some equipment).	To fix the disposition of (property) by designating someone to take use of (it).	To fix with power or firmness by decree or command; to ordain or establish.	To furnish or equip (a place) completely; to provide with all the equipment or furnishings necessary; to fit out.	To name (someone to a post or role).	To resolve; to determine; to ordain.	To set, fix or determine (a time or place for something such as a meeting, or the meeting itself) by authority or agreement.
Queen	noun	A title used before the personal name of a queen.	Alternative letter-case form of queen (“consort or widow of a king”).	Alternative letter-case form of queen (“female monarch”).	radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter Q.
Queen	name	A surname transferred from the nickname, originating as a nickname.	Alternative letter-case form of queen (“Virgin Mary”).	An unincorporated community in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States.	An unincorporated community in Eddy County, New Mexico, United States, named after the Queen Ranch.	In Commonwealth realms, the personification of the Crown, particularly in legal matters.
dismiss	verb	To discharge; to end the employment or service of.	To dispel; to rid one’s mind of.	To get a batsman out.	To give someone a red card; to send off.	To invalidate; to treat as unworthy of serious consideration.	To order to leave.	To reject; to refuse to accept.	To send or put away, to discard with disregard, contempt or disdain. (sometimes followed by as).
March	name	A male given name from English.	A market town and civil parish with a town council in Fenland district, Cambridgeshire, England (OS grid ref TL4196).	A municipality near Freiburg im Breisgau, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.	A surname from Middle English for someone born in March, or for someone living near a boundary (marche).	An unincorporated community in Dallas County, Missouri, United States, named after the month.	An unincorporated community in Marshall County, Minnesota, United States.	The third month of the Gregorian calendar, following February and preceding April, containing the northward equinox.
contrary	adj	Given to opposition; perverse; wayward.	Opposed; contradictory; inconsistent.	Opposite; in an opposite direction; in opposition; adverse.
contrary	adv	Contrarily
contrary	noun	A type of loaded die.	One of a pair of propositions that cannot both be simultaneously true, though they may both be false.	The opposite.
contrary	verb	To act inconsistently or perversely; to act in opposition to.	To argue; to debate; to uphold an opposite opinion.	To be self-contradictory; to become reversed.	To contradict (someone or something).	To do the opposite of (someone or something).	To impugn.	To oppose; to frustrate.
budget	noun	A compact collection of things.	A relatively small amount of available money.	A socket in which the end of a cavalry carbine rests.	A wallet, purse or bag.	An itemized summary of intended expenditure; usually coupled with expected revenue.	The amount of money or resources earmarked for a particular institution, activity or timeframe.
budget	adj	Appropriate to a restricted budget.
budget	verb	To construct or draw up a budget.	To plan for the use of in a budget.	To provide funds, allow for in a budget.
yield	verb	Of a running process, to give control back to the operating system so that other processes can be allowed to run.	To admit to be true; to concede; to allow.	To give as a result or outcome; to produce or render.	To give as demanded; to relinquish.	To give in payment; repay, recompense; reward; requite.	To give up; to surrender or capitulate.	To give way so as to allow another to pass first.	To give way under force; to succumb to a force.	To pass the material's yield point and undergo plastic deformation.	To produce a particular sound as the result of a sound law.	To produce as a result.	To produce as return from an investment.
yield	noun	A product.	Measurement of the amount of a crop harvested, or animal products such as wool, meat or milk produced, per unit area of land.	Payment; money; tribute.	Profit earned from an investment; return on investment.	The amount of product obtained in a chemical reaction.	The current return as a percentage of the price of a stock or bond.	The explosive energy value of a bomb, especially a nuclear weapon, usually expressed in tons of TNT equivalent.	The harvestable population growth of an ecosystem.	The quantity of something produced.	The situation where a thread relinquishes the processor to allow other threads to execute.	The volume of water escaping from a spring.	yield strength of a material.
surely	adv	Certainly, undoubtedly.	With confidence.	Without fail.
abuse	noun	A delusion; an imposture; misrepresentation; deception.	Catachresis.	Coarse, insulting speech; abusive language; language that unjustly or angrily vilifies.	Improper treatment or usage; application to a wrong or bad purpose; an unjust, corrupt or wrongful practice or custom.	Misuse; improper use; perversion.	Physical maltreatment; injury; cruel treatment.	Violation; defilement; rape; forcing of undesired sexual activity by one person on another, often on a repeated basis.
abuse	verb	Disuse.	Misrepresent; adulterate.	To attack with coarse language; to insult; to revile; malign; to speak in an offensive manner to or about someone; to disparage.	To deceive; to trick; to impose on; misuse the confidence of.	To imbibe a drug for a purpose other than it was intended; to intentionally take more of a drug than was prescribed for recreational reasons; to take illegal drugs habitually.	To injure; to maltreat; to hurt; to treat with cruelty, especially repeatedly.	To put to a wrong use; to misapply; to use improperly; to use for a wrong purpose or end; to pervert	To violate; defile; to rape; (reflexive) to masturbate.
section	noun	A class in a school; a group of students in a regularly scheduled meeting with a teacher in a certain school year or semester or school quarter year.	A cross-section (image that shows an object as if cut along a plane).	A cross-section perpendicular the longitudinal axis of an aircraft in flight.	A cutting; a part cut out from the rest of something.	A function that generalizes the notion of the graph of a function; formally, a continuous right inverse to the projection map of a fiber bundle.	A group of 10-15 soldiers led by a non-commissioned officer and forming part of a platoon.	A group of instruments in an orchestra.	A part of a document, especially a major part; often notated with §.	A part, piece, subdivision of anything.	A piece of residential land; a plot.	A right inverse of a morphism in some category	A sequence of rock layers.	A taxonomic rank below the genus (and subgenus if present), but above the species.	An act or instance of cutting.	An incision or the act of making an incision.	An informal taxonomic rank below the order ranks and above the family ranks.	An object which is defined by analogy with sections of fiber bundles but in a more general setting (that of sheaves). Formally, an element of the image of an open set under the action of a (pre-)sheaf.	Angle section, L-section, angle iron, steel angle, slotted angle.	Archeological section; vertical plane and cross-section of the ground to view its profile and stratigraphy; part of an archeological sequence.	Ellipsis of Caesarean section.	Synonym of square mile, a unit of land area, especially in the contexts of Canadian surveys and American land grants and legal property descriptions.	The symbol §, denoting a section of a document.	thin section, a thin slice of material prepared as a specimen for research.
section	verb	To commit (a person) to a hospital for mental health treatment as an involuntary patient. So called after various sections of legal acts regarding mental health.	To cut, divide or separate into pieces.	To perform a cesarean section on (someone).	To reduce to the degree of thinness required for study with the microscope.
extent	noun	A contiguous area of storage in a file system.	A range of values or locations.	A writ directing the sheriff to seize the property of a debtor, for the recovery of debts of record due to the Crown.	The space, area, volume, point, or abstract location, to which something extends.	The valuation of property.
extent	adj	Extended.
transfer	verb	To arrange for something to belong to or be officially controlled by somebody else.	To be or become transferred.	To convey the impression of (something) from one surface to another.	To exit one mass transit vehicle and board another (typically one belonging to a different line or mode of transportation) to continue a journey.	To move from a wheelchair to another seating surface, or to a wheelchair from another seating surface.	To move or pass from one place, person or thing to another.
transfer	noun	A conventional bid which requests partner to bid the next available suit.	A design conveyed by contact from one surface to another; a heat transfer.	A paper receipt given to a rider of one bus (and historically also certain elevated or subway lines), allowing free entry onto another bus to continue a journey.	A pathological process by which a unilateral morbid condition on being abolished on one side of the body makes its appearance in the corresponding region upon the other side.	A person who transfers or is transferred from one club or team to another.	A soldier removed from one troop, or body of troops, and placed in another.	An act of exiting one mass transit vehicle and boarding another (typically one belonging to a different line or mode of transportation) to continue a journey.	An instance of conveying or removing from one place, person or thing to another; a transferal.	Ellipsis of transfer student.	Of a person with limited mobility: an instance of independent or assisted movement from one stable surface to another.	The act of conveying or removing something from one place, person or thing to another.	The conveying of genetic material from one cell to another.
west	noun	In a church: the direction of the gallery, opposite to the altar, and opposite to the direction faced by the priest when celebrating ad orientem.	The direction opposite to that of the earth's rotation, specifically 270°.	The western region or area; the inhabitants thereof.
west	adj	Designating, or situated in, the liturgical west, that part of a church which is opposite to, and farthest from, the part containing the chancel.	From the West; occidental.	Of or pertaining to the west; western.	Of wind: from the west.	Situated or lying in or toward the west; westward.
west	adv	Towards the west; westwards.
west	verb	To move to the west; (of the sun) to set.
discount	verb	To believe, or act as though one believes, that one's own feelings are more important than the reality of a situation.	To deduct from an account, debt, charge, etc.	To disregard an account or regard as unimportant.	To lend money upon, deducting the discount or allowance for interest.	To sell at a reduced price.	To take into consideration beforehand; to anticipate and form conclusions concerning (an event).
discount	noun	A deduction made for interest, in advancing money upon, or purchasing, a bill or note not due; payment in advance of interest upon money.	A lack or shortcoming.	A reduction in price.	The act of one who believes, or act as though they believe, that their own feelings are more important than the reality of a situation.	The rate of interest charged in discounting.
discount	adj	Specializing in selling goods at reduced prices.
closely	adv	In a close manner.	secretly; privately
waiter	noun	A custom house officer; a tide waiter.	A male or female attendant who serves customers at their tables in a restaurant, café or similar.	A person working as an attendant at the London Stock Exchange.	A vessel or tray on which something is carried, as dishes, etc.; a salver. (See etymology of dumbwaiter.)	A watchman.	Someone who waits for somebody or something; a person who is waiting.
waiter	verb	To work as a waiter.
comfort	noun	A cause of relief or satisfaction.	A consolation; something relieving suffering or worry.	Contentment, ease.	Something that offers comfort.
comfort	verb	To assist or help; to aid.	To make strong; to invigorate; to fortify; to corroborate.	To relieve the distress or suffering of; to provide comfort to.
expose	verb	To abandon, especially an unwanted baby in the wilderness.	To make available to other parts of a program, or to other programs.	To reveal, uncover, make visible, bring to light, introduce (to).	To subject photographic film to light thereby recording an image.	To submit to an active (mostly dangerous) substance like an allergen, ozone, nicotine, solvent, or to any other stress, in order to test the reaction, resistance, etc.
compromise	noun	A breach of a computer or network's rules such that an unauthorized disclosure or loss of sensitive information may have occurred, or the unauthorized disclosure or loss itself.	A committal to something derogatory or objectionable; a prejudicial concession; a surrender.	The settlement of differences by arbitration or by consent reached by mutual concessions.
compromise	verb	To adjust and settle by mutual concessions; to compound.	To bind by mutual agreement.	To breach (a security system).	To cause impairment of.	To find a way between extremes.	To pledge by some act or declaration; to endanger the life, reputation, etc., of, by some act which can not be recalled; to expose to suspicion.
jeans	noun	A pair of trousers made from denim cotton.	plural of jean
pardon	noun	An order that releases a convicted criminal without further punishment, prevents future punishment, or (in some jurisdictions) removes an offence from a person's criminal record, as if it had never been committed.	Forgiveness for an offence.
pardon	verb	To forgive (a person).	To grant an official pardon for a crime.	To refrain from exacting as a penalty.
pardon	intj	Often used when someone does not understand what another person says.
traditional	adj	Communicated from ancestors to descendants by word only.	In lieu of the name of the composer of a piece of music, whose real name is lost in the mists of time.	Observant of tradition; attached to old customs; old-fashioned.	Of, relating to, or derived from tradition.	Relating to traditional Chinese.
traditional	noun	A person with traditional beliefs.	Anything that is traditional, conventional, standard.	Ellipsis of traditional Chinese.	Ellipsis of traditional art (“art produced with real physical media”).	Ellipsis of traditional grip.
dessert	noun	A sweet dish or confection served as the last course of a meal.	The last course of a meal, consisting of fruit, sweet confections etc.
distract	verb	To divert the attention of.	To make crazy or insane; to drive to distraction.
distract	adj	Drawn asunder; separated.	Insane, mad.
someones	noun	plural of someone
scandal	noun	A word or deed, lacking in rectitude in some manner, which is an occasion of the spiritual ruin of another.	An incident or event that disgraces or damages the reputation of the persons or organization involved.	Damage to one's reputation.	Defamatory talk; gossip, slander.	Widespread moral outrage, indignation, as over an offence to decency.	amateur or homemade pornography; (informal) commotion.
scandal	verb	To defame; to slander.	To scandalize; to offend.
strict	adj	Exact; accurate; precise; rigorously particular.	Governed or governing by exact rules; observing exact rules; severe; rigorous.	Irreflexive; if the described object is defined to be reflexive, that condition is overridden and replaced with irreflexive.	Rigidly interpreted; exactly limited; confined; restricted.	Severe in discipline.	Strained; drawn close; tight.	Tense; not relaxed.	Upright, or straight and narrow; — said of the shape of the plants or their flower clusters.
remarkable	adj	Uncommon; unusual.	Worthy of remark; notable; interesting.
hammer	noun	A device made of a heavy steel ball attached to a length of wire, and used for throwing.	A frisbee throw in which the disc is held upside-down with a forehand grip and thrown forwards above the head.	A handgun.	A moving part of a firearm that strikes the firing pin to discharge a gun.	A tool with a heavy head and a handle used for pounding.	Ellipsis of hammer headline.	In a piano or dulcimer, a piece of wood covered in felt that strikes the string.	One who, or that which, smites or shatters.	Part of a clock that strikes upon a bell to indicate the hour.	The accelerator pedal.	The act of using a hammer to hit something.	The last stone in an end.	The malleus, a small bone of the middle ear.
hammer	verb	To beat down the price of (a stock), or depress (a market).	To declare (a person) a defaulter on the stock exchange.	To defeat (a person, a team) resoundingly.	To emphasize a point repeatedly.	To form or forge with a hammer; to shape by beating.	To have hard sex with.	To hit particularly hard.	To make high demands on (a system or service).	To ride very fast.	To strike internally, as if hit by a hammer.	To strike repeatedly with a hammer, some other implement, the fist, etc.
tiny	adj	Very small.
tiny	noun	A small child; an infant.	Anything very small.
apt	adj	Having a habitual tendency; habitually liable or likely; disposed towards.	Ready; especially fitted or qualified (to do something); quick to learn.	Suitable; appropriate; fit or fitted; suited.
apt	noun	Abbreviation of apartment.
enable	verb	To activate, to make operational (especially of a function of an electronic or mechanical device).	To affirm; to make firm and strong.	To imply or tacitly confer excuse for an action or a behavior.	To make somebody able (to do, or to be, something); to give sufficient ability or power to do or to be; to give strength or ability to.	To put a circuit element into action by supplying a suitable input pulse.	To qualify or approve for some role or position; to render sanction or authorization to; to confirm suitability for.	To yield the opportunity or provide the possibility for something; to provide with means, opportunities, and the like.
basket	noun	A bed for a cat.	A circular hoop, from which a net is suspended, which is the goal through which the players try to throw the ball.	A dance movement in some line dances, where men put their arms round the women's lower backs, and the women put their arms over the men's shoulders, and the group (usually of four, any more is difficult) spins round, which should result in the women's feet leaving the ground.	A drogue (or para-drogue) in the probe-and-drogue refueling method	A lightweight container, generally round, open at the top, and tapering toward the bottom.	A protection for the hand on a sword or a singlestick; a guard of a bladed weapon.	A set or collection of intangible things.	A singlestick with a basket hilt.	A wire or plastic container similar in shape to a basket, used for carrying articles for purchase in a shop.	Bastard.	In a stage-coach, two outside seats facing each other.	In an online shop, a listing of a customer's chosen items before they are ordered.	Short for basket of goods	The act of putting the ball through the basket, thereby scoring points.	The bell or vase of the Corinthian capital.	The bulge of the penis seen through clothing.	The game of basketball.	The gondola or wicker basket suspended from the balloon, in which the pilot and passengers travel.	The penis and region surrounding it.
basket	verb	To cross-collateralize the royalty advances for multiple works so that the creator is not paid until all of those works have achieved a certain level of success.	To place in a basket or baskets.
pink	noun	A color reminiscent of pinks, the flowers.	A huntsman.	A narrow boat.	A perfect example; excellence, perfection; the embodiment of some quality.	A small hole made by puncturing something, as with a rapier, dagger, or pinking iron.	A small hole or eyelet punched in a garment for decoration, as with a pinking iron; a scallop.	A small hole or puncture made by a sharp, slender instrument such as a rapier, poniard or dagger, or (by extension) a bullet; a stab.	A young Atlantic salmon, Salmo salar, before it becomes a smolt; a parr.	Alternative form of pinko.	An unlettered and uncultured, but relatively prosperous, member of the middle classes; compare Babbitt, bourgeoisie.	Any of various flowers of that colour in the genus Dianthus, sometimes called carnations.	Any of various lake pigments or dyes in yellow, yellowish green or brown shades, made with plant coloring and a metallic oxide base.	Hunting pink; scarlet, as worn by hunters.	Magenta, the colour evoked by red and blue light when combined.	One of the colour balls used in snooker, coloured pink, with a value of 6 points.	Pale red.	The common minnow, Phoxinus phoxinus.	The vagina or vulva.
pink	adj	By comparison to red (communist), supportive of socialist ideas but not actually socialist or communist.	Half-shut; winking.	Having a colour between red and white; pale red.	Having conjunctivitis.	Of a fox-hunter's jacket: scarlet.	Relating to homosexuals as a group within society.	Relating to women or girls.
pink	verb	Of a motor car, to emit a high "pinking" noise, usually as a result of ill-set ignition timing for the fuel used (in a spark ignition engine).	Of a musical instrument, to sound a very high-pitched, short note.	To become pink in color, to redden.	To decorate a piece of clothing or fabric by adding holes or by scalloping the fringe.	To prick with a sword.	To turn (a topaz or other gemstone) pink by the application of heat.	To turn (something) pink.	To wink; to blink.	To wound by irony, criticism, or ridicule.
fantastic	adj	Existing in or constructed from fantasy; of or relating to fantasy; fanciful.	Not believable; implausible; seemingly only possible in fantasy.	Resembling fantasies in irregularity, caprice, or eccentricity; irregular; grotesque.	Wonderful; marvelous; excellent; extraordinarily good or great (used especially as an intensifier).
fantastic	noun	A fanciful or whimsical person.
investigation	noun	The act of investigating; the process of inquiring into or following up; research, especially patient or thorough inquiry or examination
equipment	noun	Any items used in equipping something or someone, for example things needed for an expedition or voyage.	The act of equipping, or the state of being equipped, as for a voyage or expedition.	The male genitalia.
Tuesday	noun	An ordinary, unmemorable day.	The third day of the week in many religious traditions, and the second day of the week in systems that use the ISO 8601 norm; it follows Monday and precedes Wednesday.
Tuesday	adv	On Tuesday.
painter	noun	A chain or rope used to attach the shank of an anchor to the side of a ship when not in use.	A laborer or workman who paints surfaces using a paintbrush or other means.	A mountain lion.	A rope that is attached to the bow of a dinghy, or other small boat, and used for tying up or towing.	An artist who paints pictures.
Music	name	A surname.
leak	noun	A crack, crevice, fissure, or hole which admits water or other fluid, or lets it escape.	A divulgation, or disclosure, of information previously held secret.	A loss of electricity through imperfect insulation, or the point where it occurs.	An act of urination.	The entrance or escape of a fluid through a crack, fissure, or other aperture.	The gradual loss of a system resource caused by failure to deallocate previously reserved portions.	The person through whom such divulgation, or disclosure, occurs.
leak	verb	(of a fluid or gas) To pass through an opening that should be sealed.	To allow anything through that would normally or preferably be blocked.	To allow fluid or gas to pass through an opening that should be sealed.	To bleed.	To disclose secret information surreptitiously or anonymously.	To pass through when it would normally or preferably be blocked.	To urinate.
leak	adj	Leaky.
dancer	noun	A person who dances, usually as a hobby, an occupation, or a profession.	A stripper.	Synonym of garreter (“a thief who used housetops to enter by garret windows”).
terribly	adv	So as to cause terror or awe.	Very badly.	Very; extremely.
Lincoln	name	A borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.	A census-designated place in Bonneville County, Idaho.	A census-designated place in Lewis and Clark County, Montana.	A city and local government district in Lincolnshire, England (OS grid ref SK9771).	A city in Benton County, Missouri.	A city in Buenos Aires province, Argentina, named after Abraham Lincoln.	A city in Burleigh County, North Dakota.	A city in Placer County, California.	A city in Talladega County, Alabama, named after Benjamin Lincoln.	A city in Washington County, Arkansas.	A city, the county seat of Logan County, Illinois.	A community in Athabasca County, Alberta.	A hamlet and unincorporated community in South Harrison Township, Gloucester County, New Jersey.	A male given name transferred from the surname, of American usage, originally in honor of Abraham Lincoln.	A minor city in Tama County, Iowa.	A number of places in Canada:	A number of places in the United States:	A number of towns in Wisconsin:	A number of townships, listed under Lincoln Township.	A suburban community and parish in Sunbury County, New Brunswick.	A town and census-designated place therein, in Grafton County, New Hampshire.	A town and census-designated place therein, in Penobscot County, Maine.	A town and unincorporated community therein, in Kewaunee County, Wisconsin;	A town in Adams County, Wisconsin.	A town in Addison County, Vermont.	A town in Bayfield County, Wisconsin.	A town in Buffalo County, Wisconsin.	A town in Burnett County, Wisconsin.	A town in Canterbury, New Zealand, named after the Earl of Lincoln.	A town in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin.	A town in Forest County, Wisconsin.	A town in Madison County, New York.	A town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts.	A town in Monroe County, Wisconsin.	A town in Polk County, Wisconsin.	A town in Providence County, Rhode Island.	A town in Trempealeau County, Wisconsin.	A town in Vilas County, Wisconsin.	A town in Wood County, Wisconsin.	A town on Lake Ontario in the Regional Municipality of Niagara, Ontario.	A village in Gustin township and Hawes Township, Alcona County, Michigan.	A village in Northern Midlands council area, Tasmania, Australia.	Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States during the Civil War.	An English surname from Old English.	An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Sussex County, Delaware. Former name: Lincoln City.	An unincorporated community in Augusta Township, Washtenaw County, Michigan.	An unincorporated community in Jackson Township, Cass County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Lee County, Texas.	An unincorporated community in Lincoln County, New Mexico.	An unincorporated community in Lincoln County, Washington.	An unincorporated community in Loudoun County, Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Scandia Valley Township, Morrison County, Minnesota.	Ellipsis of Lincoln College, Oxford.	The capital city of Nebraska, and the county seat of Lancaster County.
Lincoln	noun	A brand of American automobile.	A five-dollar bill.	A high-altitude, long-range bomber based on the Avro Lancaster.	An English breed of sheep.
user	noun	A person who uses a computer or a computing network, especially a person who has received a user account.	A person who uses drugs, especially illegal drugs.	An exploiter, an abuser (a person who exploits others, that is treats and regards people unfairly, selfishly or unethically).	Clipping of username.	In land law, meaning either 1. or 2. above or use. Usually in singular form to mean use wherever there is assiduous re-use of precedents and aloof textbooks verbatim.	One who uses or makes use of something, a consumer or client or an express or implied licensee (free user) or a trespasser.
tape	noun	A strong flexible band rotating on pulleys for directing the sheets in a printing machine.	An unthinking, patterned response triggered by a particular stimulus.	Any video or audio recording, regardless of the method used to produce it.	Clipping of red tape (“time-consuming bureaucratic procedures”).	Finishing tape, stretched across a track to mark the end of a race.	Flexible material in a roll with a sticky surface on one or both sides; adhesive tape.	Liquor, alcoholic drink, especially gin or brandy. (Especially in prison slang or among domestic servants and women.)	Magnetic or optical recording media in a roll; videotape or audio tape.	The series of prices at which a financial instrument trades.	The wrapping of the primary puck-handling surface of a hockey stick	Thin and flat paper, plastic or similar flexible material, usually produced in the form of a roll.
tape	verb	To bind with adhesive tape.	To record, originally onto magnetic tape.	To understand, figure out.
anticipate	verb	To act before (someone), especially to prevent an action.	To eagerly wait for (something)	To know of (something) before it happens; to expect.	To take up or introduce (something) prematurely.
4	prep	Abbreviation of for.
adventure	noun	A daring feat; a bold undertaking, in which dangers are likely to be encountered, and the issue is staked upon unforeseen events; the encountering of risks.	A feeling of desire for new and exciting things.	A mercantile or speculative enterprise of hazard; a venture; a shipment by a merchant on his own account.	A remarkable occurrence; a striking event.	A text adventure or an adventure game.	Chance of danger or loss.	Risk; danger; peril.	That which happens by chance; hazard; hap.
adventure	verb	To risk or hazard; jeopard; venture.	To try the chance; to take the risk.	To venture upon; to run the risk of; to dare.
western	adj	Blowing from the west; westerly.	Occidental.	Of, facing, situated in, or related to the west.
western	noun	A film, or some other dramatic work, set in, the historic (c. 1850–1910) American West (west of the Mississippi river) focusing on conflict between whites and Indians, lawmen and outlaws, ranchers and farmers, or industry (railroads, mining) and agriculture.
surrender	verb	For a policyholder, to voluntarily terminate an insurance contract before the end of its term, usually with the expectation of receiving a surrender value.	To abandon (one's hand of cards) and recover half of the initial bet.	To give oneself up into the power of another, especially as a prisoner; to submit or give in.	To give up into the power, control, or possession of another.	To give up possession of; to yield; to resign.	To yield (a town, a fortification, etc.) to an enemy.	To yield (oneself) to an influence, emotion, passion, etc.
surrender	noun	An act of surrendering, submission into the possession of another; abandonment, resignation.	The yielding of the leasehold estate by the lessee to the landlord, so that the tenancy for years merges in the reversion and no longer exists.	The yielding or delivery of a possession in response to a demand.
negative	adj	COVID-19 negative.	Characterized by the presence of features which do not support a hypothesis.	Denying a proposition; negating a concept.	HIV negative.	Less than zero degrees Celsius or Fahrenheit.	Metalloidal, nonmetallic; contrasted with positive or basic.	No, not any, zero.	Not positive or neutral; bad; undesirable; unfavourable.	Of a number: less than zero.	Of a test result: not positive, not detected.	Of electrical charge of an electron and related particles	Of or relating to a photographic image in which the colours of the original, and the relations of left and right, are reversed.	Often preceded by emotion, energy, feeling, or thought: to be avoided, bad, difficult, disagreeable, painful, potentially damaging, unpleasant, unwanted.	Pessimistic; not tending to see the bright side of things.
negative	noun	A negative quantity.	A repetition performed with a weight in which the muscle begins at maximum contraction and is slowly extended; a movement performed using only the eccentric phase of muscle movement.	A right of veto.	A statement that something didn’t happen or doesn’t exist.	A word that indicates negation.	An image in which dark areas represent light ones, and the converse.	An unfavorable point or characteristic.	Refusal or withholding of assents; prohibition, veto	The negative plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell.
negative	verb	To contradict.	To disprove.	To make ineffective; to neutralize, to negate.	To refuse; to veto.
negative	intj	No; nay.
prince	noun	A (male) ruler, a sovereign; a king, monarch.	A female monarch.	A male member of a royal family other than the ruler; especially (in the United Kingdom) the son or grandson of the monarch.	A non-royal high title of nobility, especially in France and the Holy Roman Empire.	A type of court card used in tarot cards, the equivalent of the jack.	Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genus Rohana.	Someone who is preeminent in their field; a great person.	The (male) ruler or head of a principality.	The mushroom Agaricus augustus.
prince	verb	To behave or act like a prince.	To transform (someone) into a prince.
boast	noun	A brag; ostentatious positive appraisal of oneself.	A shot where the ball is driven off a side wall and then strikes the front wall.	Something that one brags about.
boast	verb	(used with "about" or "of") To speak of with pride, vanity, or exultation, with a view to self-commendation; to extol.	To brag; to talk loudly in praise of oneself.	To dress, as a stone, with a broad chisel.	To play a boast shot.	To possess (a special and desirable quality).	To shape roughly as a preparation for the finer work to follow; to cut to the general form required.	To speak in exulting language of another; to glory; to exult.
symbol	noun	A character or glyph representing an idea, concept or object.	A signalling event on a communications channel; a signal that cannot be further divided into meaningful information.	A summary of a dogmatic statement of faith.	A thing considered the embodiment or cardinal exemplar of a concept, theme, or other thing.	A type of noun whereby the form refers to the same entity independently of the context; a symbol arbitrarily denotes a referent. See also icon and index.	An internal identifier used by a debugger to relate parts of the compiled program to the corresponding names in the source code.	Share; allotment.	That which is thrown into a common fund; hence, an appointed or accustomed duty.	The numerical expression which defines a plane's position relative to the assumed axes.
symbol	verb	To symbolize.
sacrifice	noun	A human being or an animal, or a physical object or immaterial thing (see sense 1.3), offered to a deity.	A monetary loss incurred by selling something at less than its value; also, the thing thus sold.	An act of intentionally allowing one's piece to be captured by the opponent in order to improve one's position in the game.	Ellipsis of sacrifice bunt or sacrifice hit (“a play in which the batter intentionally hits the ball softly with a hands-spread batting stance at the cost of an out to advance one or more runners”).	In full sacrifice bid: a bid of a contract which is unlikely to be fulfilled, that a player makes in the hope that they will incur fewer penalty points than the points likely to be gained by opponents in making their contract.	Jesus Christ's voluntary offering of himself to God the Father to be crucified as atonement for the sins of humankind.	Originally, the killing (and often burning) of a human being or an animal as an offering to a deity; later, also the offering of an object to a deity.	The destruction or surrender of anything for the sake of something else regarded as more urgent or valuable; also, the thing destroyed or surrendered for this purpose.	The offering of devotion, penitence, prayer, thanksgiving, etc., to a deity.	The rite of Holy Communion or the Mass, regarded as (Protestantism) an offering of thanksgiving to God for Christ's crucifixion, or (Roman Catholicism) a perpetual re-enactment of Christ's sacrificial offering.
sacrifice	verb	Of a batter: to advance (one or more runners on base) by batting the ball so it can be fielded, placing the batter out but with insufficient time to put the runner(s) out.	Of a batter: to bat the ball so that it can be fielded, placing the batter out but allowing one or more runners on base to advance.	To celebrate Holy Communion or Mass.	To destroy or kill (a human being or an animal); specifically (sciences), to kill (an animal) for a scientific experiment or test.	To destroy or surrender (something) for the sake of something else regarded as more urgent or valuable.	To intentionally allow (a piece) to be captured by the opponent in order to improve one's position in the game.	To make a bid of a contract which is unlikely to be fulfilled, in the hope that that the player will incur fewer penalty points than the points likely to be gained by opponents in making their contract.	To offer (a human being or an animal, or an object) to a deity.	To offer a human being or an animal, or an object, to a deity.	To sell (something) at less than its value, thus incurring a monetary loss.
awesome	adj	Causing awe or terror; inspiring wonder or excitement.	Excellent, exciting, remarkable.
awesome	noun	A person who is awesome.	Clipping of awesomeness (“the quality, state, or essence of being awesome”).
Dima	name	A transliteration of the Russian male given name diminutive Ди́ма (Díma).	A transliteration of the Ukrainian male given name diminutive Діма (Dima).
Christopher	name	A male given name from Ancient Greek.	A surname originating as a patronymic.
emotion	noun	A person's internal state of being and involuntary physiological response to an object or a situation, based on or tied to physical state and sensory data.	A reaction by a non-human organism with behavioral and physiological elements similar to a person's response.	Movement; agitation.
verb	noun	A named command that performs a specific operation on an object.	A word that indicates an action, event, or state of being.	An action as opposed to a trait or thing.	Any word; a vocable.
verb	verb	To use any word that is or was not a verb (especially a noun) as if it were a verb.	Used as a placeholder for any verb.
hunger	noun	A need or compelling desire for food.	Any strong desire or need.
hunger	verb	To be in need of food.	To have a desire (for); to long; to yearn.	To make hungry; to famish.
conceal	verb	To hide something from view or from public knowledge, to try to keep something secret.
indicate	verb	To investigate the condition or power of, as of steam engine, by means of an indicator.	To point out; to discover; to direct to a knowledge of; to show; to make known.	To point to as the proper remedies.	To show or manifest by symptoms.	To signal in a vehicle the desire to turn right or left.
spy	noun	A defensive player assigned to cover an offensive backfield player man-to-man when they are expected to engage in a running play, but the offensive player does not run with the ball immediately.	A person who secretly watches and examines the actions of other individuals or organizations and gathers information on them (usually to gain an advantage).
spy	verb	To act as a spy.	To explore; to see; to view; inspect and examine secretly, as a country.	To search narrowly; to scrutinize.	To spot; to catch sight of; to espy.
tower	noun	A control tower.	A group of giraffes	A metal stand used as a pivot to support a punty at a furnace.	A similarly framed structure with a platform or enclosed area on top, used as a lookout for spotting fires, plane crashes, fugitives, etc.	A strong refuge; a defence.	A tall fashionable headdress worn in the time of King William III and Queen Anne.	A very tall iron-framed structure, usually painted red and white, on which microwave, radio, satellite, or other communication antennas are installed; mast.	A water tower.	An item of various kinds, such as a computer case, that is higher than it is wide.	Any very tall building or structure; skyscraper.	Each of a set of information technology concerns within a business, which are treated separately so that they can be handled by different providers.	Ellipsis of interlocking tower.	High flight; elevation.	One who tows.	The nineteenth Lenormand card, representing structure, bureaucracy, stability and loneliness.	The sixteenth trump or Major Arcana card in many Tarot decks, usually deemed an ill omen.
tower	verb	To be high or lofty; to soar.	To be very tall.	To soar into.
optimistic	adj	Allowing other processes to perform transactions on the same data at the same time, and checking for conflicts only when changes need to be written back.	Expecting the best in all possible ways.
aid	noun	A helper; an assistant.	A pecuniary tribute paid by a vassal to his feudal lord on special occasions.	Alternative form of aide (“an aide-de-camp”).	An exchequer loan.	An historical subsidy granted to the crown by Parliament for an extraordinary purpose, such as a war effort.	Help; assistance; succor, relief.	Something which helps; a material source of help.	The rider's use of hands, legs, voice, etc. to control the horse.
aid	verb	To climb with the use of aids such as pitons.	To provide support to; to further the progress of; to help; to assist.
mass	noun	A large body of individuals, especially persons.	A large quantity; a sum.	A measure of the inertia of a mass of matter, one of four fundamental properties of matter. SI unit of mass: kilogram.	A medicinal substance made into a cohesive, homogeneous lump, of consistency suitable for making pills.	A musical setting of parts of the mass.	A palpable or visible abnormal globular structure; a tumor.	A quantity of matter cohering so as to make one body, or an aggregation of particles or things which collectively make one body or quantity, usually of considerable size.	Bulk; magnitude; body; size.	Celebration of the Eucharist.	Excess body mass, especially in the form of muscle hypertrophy.	Matter, material.	Precious metal, especially gold or silver.	The Eucharist, now especially in Roman Catholicism.	The lower classes of persons.	The main kind of church service, in some denominations.	The principal part; the main body.	The sacrament of the Eucharist.
mass	verb	To celebrate mass.	To form or collect into a mass; to form into a collective body; to assemble.
mass	adj	Involving a mass of people; of, for, or by the masses.	Involving a mass of things; concerning a large quantity or number.
jazz	noun	A musical art form rooted in West African cultural and musical expression and in the African American blues tradition, with diverse influences over time, commonly characterized by blue notes, syncopation, swing, call and response, polyrhythms and improvisation.	A red-skinned variety of eating apple.	Energy, excitement, excitability.	Nonsense.	Semen, jizz.	Something of excellent quality, the genuine article.	The substance or makeup of a thing; unspecified thing(s).
jazz	verb	To complicate.	To dance to the tunes of jazz music.	To destroy; to ruin.	To distract or pester.	To ejaculate.	To enliven, brighten up, make more colourful or exciting.	To have sex for money, to prostitute oneself.	To move (around/about) in a lively or frivolous manner; to fool around.	To play (jazz music).
awkward	adj	Lacking dexterity in the use of the hands, or of instruments.	Lacking social skills, or uncomfortable with social interaction.	Not easily managed or effected; embarrassing.	Perverse; adverse; difficult to handle.
awkward	noun	Someone or something that is awkward.
stove	noun	A device for heating food, (UK) a cooker.	A heater, a closed apparatus to burn fuel for the warming of a room.	A hothouse (heated greenhouse).	A house or room artificially warmed or heated.	A stovetop, with hotplates.
stove	verb	To heat or dry, as in a stove.	To jam; to sprain.	To keep warm, in a house or room, by artificial heat.	simple past and past participle of stave
toe	noun	A cameltoe.	A lateral projection at one end, or between the ends, of a piece, such as a rod or bolt, by means of which it is moved.	A projection from the periphery of a revolving piece, acting as a cam to lift another piece.	An advanced form of ballet primarily performed by women, wearing pointe shoes.	An alignment of the wheels of a road vehicle, either positive (toe in), meaning the wheels are closer together at the front than at the back, or negative (toe out), the other way round.	Each of the five digits on the end of the foot.	Something resembling a toe, especially at the bottom or extreme end of something.	Speed, energy, vigor.	That part of a shoe or sock covering the toe.	The equivalent part in an animal.	The journal, or pivot, at the lower end of a revolving shaft or spindle, which rests in a step.	The long side of an angled cut.	The upper end of the bit (cutting edge) of an axehead; as opposed to the heel (lower end).	a person
toe	verb	To fasten (a piece) by driving a fastener at a near-45-degree angle through the side (of the piece) into the piece to which it is to be fastened.	To furnish (a stocking, etc.) with a toe.	To mishit a golf ball with the toe of the club.	To touch or reach with the toes; to come fully up to.	To touch, tap or kick with the toes.
smooth	adj	Bland; glib.	Flowing or uttered without check, obstruction, or hesitation; not harsh; fluent.	Having a pleasantly rounded flavor; neither rough nor astringent.	Having a texture that lacks friction. Not rough.	Having derivatives of all finite orders at all points within the function’s domain.	Involuntary and non-striated.	Lacking marked aspiration.	Lacking projections or indentations; not serrated.	Natural; unconstrained.	Not grainy; having an even texture.	Placid, calm.	Suave; sophisticated.	That factors completely into small prime numbers.	Unbroken.	Without difficulty, problems, or unexpected consequences or incidents.
smooth	adv	Smoothly.
smooth	noun	A domestic animal having a smooth coat.	A member of an anti-hippie fashion movement in 1970s Britain.	A smoothing action.	Something that is smooth, or that goes smoothly and easily.	The analysis obtained through a smoothing procedure.
smooth	verb	To calm or palliate.	To capture important patterns in the data, while leaving out noise.	To make smooth or even.	To make straightforward or easy.	To reduce to a particular shape or form by pressure; to press, to flatten.	To stroke; especially to stroke an animal's fur.
trial	noun	A difficult or annoying experience or person; (especially religion) such an experience seen as a test of faith and piety.	A meeting or series of meetings in a court of law at which evidence is presented to a judge (and sometimes a jury) to allow them to decide on a legal matter (especially whether an accused person is guilty of a crime).	A piece of ware used to test the heat of a kiln.	A research study to test the effectiveness and safety of a drug, medical procedure, etc.	An event in which athletes’ or animals’ abilities are tested as they compete for a place on a team, or to move on to the next level of a championship, for example.	An internal examination set by Eton College.	An occasion on which a person or thing is tested to find out how well they perform or how suitable they are.	An occasion on which armies or individuals meet in combat.	The action of trying (to do) something, especially more than once. (This sense is still current in the expression trial and error.)	The testing of a product or procedure.	The trial number.
trial	adj	Attempted on a provisional or experimental basis.	Characterized by having three (usually equivalent) components.	Pertaining to a language form referring to three of something, like people. (See Ambai language for an example.)	Pertaining to a trial or test.	Triple.
trial	verb	To carry out a series of tests on (a new product, procedure etc.) before marketing or implementing it.	To try out (a new player) in a sports team.
string	noun	A board supporting steps	A cohesive substance taking the form of a string.	A column of drill pipe that transmits drilling fluid (using the mud pumps) and torque (using the kelly drive or top drive) to the drill bit.	A drove of horses, or a group of racehorses kept by one owner or at one stable.	A fibre, as of a plant; a little fibrous root.	A hoax; a fake story.	A length of nylon or other material on the head of a racquet.	A long, thin and flexible structure made from threads twisted together.	A nerve or tendon of an animal body.	A segment of wire (typically made of plastic or metal) or other material used as vibrating element on a musical instrument.	A series of items or events.	A small, filamentous ramification of a metallic vein.	A stringcourse.	A stringed instrument.	A strip, as of leather, by which the covers of a book are held together.	A thread or cord on which a number of objects or parts are strung or arranged in close and orderly succession; hence, a line or series of things arranged on a thread, or as if so arranged.	A tiny one-dimensional string-like entity, the main object of study in string theory, a branch of theoretical physics.	An inside range of ceiling planks, corresponding to the sheer strake on the outside and bolted to it.	An ordered sequence of text characters stored consecutively in memory and capable of being processed as a single entity.	Any similar long, thin and flexible object.	Cannabis or marijuana.	In various games and competitions, a certain number of turns at play, of rounds, etc.	Part of the game of billiards, where the order of the play is determined by testing who can get a ball closest to the bottom rail by shooting it onto the end rail.	Synonym of stable (“group of prostitutes managed by one pimp”).	The buttons strung on a wire by which the score is kept.	The conditions and limitations in a contract collectively.	The line from behind and over which the cue ball must be played after being out of play, as by being pocketed or knocked off the table; also called the string line.	The members of a sports team or squad regarded as most likely to achieve success. (Perhaps metaphorical as the "strings" that hold the squad together.) Often first string, second string etc.	The points made in a game of billiards.	The stringed instruments as a section of an orchestra, especially those played by a bow, or the persons playing those instruments.	The tough fibrous substance that unites the valves of the pericarp of leguminous plants.
string	verb	To deliberately state that a certain bird is present when it is not; to knowingly mislead other birders about the occurrence of a bird, especially a rarity; to misidentify a common bird as a rare species.	To drive the ball against the end of the table and back, in order to determine which player is to open the game.	To form into a string or strings, as a substance which is stretched, or people who are moving along, etc.	To put (items) on a string.	To put strings on (something).
peel	verb	Misspelling of peal (“to sound loudly”).	To become detached, come away, especially in flakes or strips; to shed skin in such a way.	To move, separate (off or away).	To play a peel shot.	To plunder; to pillage, rob.	To remove one's clothing.	To remove something from the outer or top layer of.	To remove the skin or outer covering of.	To send through a hoop (of a ball other than one's own).
peel	noun	A T-shaped implement used by printers and bookbinders for hanging wet sheets of paper on lines or poles to dry.	A cosmetic preparation designed to remove dead skin or to exfoliate.	A fence made of stakes; a stockade.	A shovel or similar instrument, now especially a pole with a flat disc at the end used for removing pizza or loaves of bread from a baker's oven.	A small tower, fort, or castle; a keep.	A stake.	A takeout which removes a stone from play as well as the delivered stone.	Alternative form of peal (“a small or young salmon”).	An equal or match; a draw.	The action of peeling away from a formation.	The blade of an oar.	The skin or outer layer of a fruit, vegetable, etc.
January	name	A female given name transferred from the month name [in turn from English].	The first month of the Gregorian calendar, following the December of the previous year and preceding February.
pianist	noun	A person who plays the piano, particularly with skill or as part of an orchestra.	A spy using radio or wireless telegraphy to keep in touch with headquarters during the Second World War.
yeah	particle	Used to ascertain the continued attention of the listener.	Used to express acknowledgment of what was previously said.	Yes.
yeah	intj	Expressing joy, celebration, glee, etc.
yeah	noun	Pronunciation spelling of year.
interfere	verb	(of waves) To be correlated with each other when overlapped or superposed.	To get involved or involve oneself, causing disturbance.	To sexually molest, especially of a child.	To strike one foot against the opposite foot or ankle in using the legs.
merely	adv	Wholly, entirely.	Without any other reason etc.; only, just, and nothing more.
robot	noun	A bot, software designed to perform a task.	A habitual poster on the /r9k/ board on 4chan; a member of the /r9k/ community.	A machine built to carry out some complex task or group of tasks by physically moving, especially one which can be programmed.	A person who does not seem to have any emotions or individuality.	A style of dance popular in disco in which the dancer imitates the stiff movements of a stereotypical android robot.	A system of serfdom used in Central Europe, under which a tenant's rent was paid in forced labour.	A theodolite which follows the movements of a prism and can be used by a one-man crew.	A traffic light (from earlier robot policeman).	An intelligent mechanical being designed to look like a human or other creature, and usually made from metal.
intelligence	noun	A political or military department, agency or unit designed to gather information, usually secret, about the enemy or about hostile activities.	Acquaintance; intercourse; familiarity.	An entity that has such capacities.	Information, often secret, about an enemy or about hostile activities.	The capacity of mind, especially to understand principles, truths, facts or meanings, acquire knowledge, and apply it to practice; the ability to comprehend and learn; the ability to process sentient experience to generate true beliefs with a justified degree of confidence.	The quality of making use or having made use of such capacities: depth of understanding, mental quickness.
correctly	adv	In a correct manner.
prohibit	verb	To forbid, disallow, or proscribe officially; to make illegal or illicit.
forth	adv	Beyond a (certain) boundary; away; abroad; out.	Forward in time, place or degree.	Out into view; from a particular place or position.
forth	prep	Forth from; out of.
forth	adj	Misspelling of fourth.
forth	noun	Misspelling of fourth.
solar	adj	Born under the predominant influence of the sun.	Employing solar power.	Measured by the progress or revolution of the sun in the ecliptic; as, the solar year.	Of or pertaining to the sun; proceeding from the sun	Produced by the action of the sun, or peculiarly affected by its influence.
solar	noun	A loft or upper chamber forming the private accommodation of the head of the household in a medieval hall; a garret room.	solar energy
software	noun	Encoded computer instructions, usually modifiable (unless stored in some form of unalterable memory such as ROM).	The human beings involved in warfare, as opposed to hardware such as weapons and vehicles.
Minister		
yourselves	pron	Inflection of you (plural) used as the object of a verb or non-locative preposition in a clause whose subject is the same (the people addressed).	You (plural), used to intensify the subject as the group addressed.
amuse	verb	To cause laughter or amusement; to be funny.	To entertain or occupy (someone or something) in a pleasant manner; to stir (someone) with pleasing emotions.	To keep in expectation; to beguile; to delude.	To occupy or engage the attention of; to lose in deep thought; to absorb; also, to distract; to bewilder.
scale	noun	A device to measure mass or weight.	A flake of skin of an animal afflicted with dermatitis.	A ladder; a series of steps; a means of ascending.	A line or bar associated with a drawing, used to indicate measurement when the image has been magnified or reduced.	A mathematical base for a numeral system; radix.	A scale insect.	A series of notes spanning an octave, tritave, or pseudo-octave, used to make melodies.	A small piece of pigmented chitin, many of which coat the wings of a butterfly or moth to give them their color.	A standard amount of money to be paid for a service, for example union-negotiated amounts received by a performer or writer; similar to wage scale or pay grade.	An infestation of scale insects on a plant; commonly thought of as, or mistaken for, a disease.	An ordered, usually numerical sequence used for measurement; means of assigning a magnitude.	Either of the pans, trays, or dishes of a balance or scales.	Gradation; succession of ascending and descending steps and degrees; progressive series; scheme of comparative rank or order.	Limescale.	Part of an overlapping arrangement of many small, flat and hard pieces of keratin covering the skin of an animal, particularly a fish or reptile.	Part of an overlapping arrangement of many small, flat and hard protective layers forming a pinecone that flare when mature to release pine nut seeds.	Scale mail (as opposed to chain mail).	Size; scope.	The flaky material sloughed off heated metal.	The ratio of depicted distance to actual distance.	The thin metallic side plate of the handle of a pocketknife.
scale	verb	To become scaly; to produce or develop scales.	To change the size of something whilst maintaining proportion; especially to change a process in order to produce much larger amounts of the final product.	To clean, as the inside of a cannon, by the explosion of a small quantity of powder.	To climb to the top of.	To remove the scales of.	To scatter; to spread.	To separate and come off in thin layers or laminae.	To strip or clear of scale; to descale.	To take measurements from (an engineering drawing), treating them as (or as if) reliable dimensional instructions. This practice often works but can produce latently incorrect results and is thus usually deprecated.	To take off in thin layers or scales, as tartar from the teeth; to pare off, as a surface.	To tolerate significant increases in throughput or other potentially limiting factors.	To weigh, measure or grade according to a scale or system.
misunderstanding	noun	A disagreement; difference of opinion; dissension; quarrel.	A mistake as to the meaning of something or a specific point of view; erroneous interpretation or comprehension; misconception.
misunderstanding	verb	present participle and gerund of misunderstand
conscience	noun	A personification of the moral sense of right and wrong, usually in the form of a person, a being or merely a voice that gives moral lessons and advices.	Consciousness; thinking; awareness, especially self-awareness.	The ethical or moral sense of right and wrong, chiefly as it affects a person’s own behaviour and forms their attitude to their past actions.
chain	noun	A formal sum of cells in a CW complex of a certain dimension k (in which case the formal sums are called k'''-chains); a formal sum of simplices or cubes of a certain dimension in a simplical complex or cubical complex (respectively).	A livery collar, a chain of office.	A long measuring tape.	A number of atoms in a series, which combine to form a molecule.	A sequence of linked house purchases, each of which is dependent on the preceding and succeeding purchase (said to be "broken" if a buyer or seller pulls out).	A series of interconnected links of known length, used as a measuring device.	A series of interconnected rings or links usually made of metal.	A series of interconnected things.	A series of stores or businesses with the same brand name.	A totally ordered set, especially a totally ordered subset of a poset.	A unit of length, exactly equal to 22 yards, which is 4 rods or 100 links, and approximately equal to 20.12 metres; the length of a Gunter's surveying chain; the length of a cricket pitch.	An element of a group (or module) in a chain complex.	Iron links bolted to the side of a vessel to bold the dead-eyes connected with the shrouds; also, the channels.	That which confines, fetters, or secures; a bond.	The warp threads of a web.
chain	verb	To be chained to another data item.	To connect as if with a chain, due to dependence, addiction, or other feelings	To fasten something with a chain.	To link multiple items together.	To load and automatically run (a program).	To measure a distance using a 66-foot long chain, as in land surveying.	To obligate.	To obstruct the mouth of a river etc with a chain.	To relate data items with a chain of pointers.	To secure someone with fetters.
training	verb	present participle and gerund of train
training	noun	Action of the verb to train.	The activity of imparting and acquiring skills.	The process by which two modems determine which protocol and speed to use; handshaking.	The recording of multiple samples of a user's voice to aid pattern recognition.	The result of good social upbringing.
miserable	adj	Avaricious; niggardly; miserly.	Causing unhappiness or misery.	In a state of misery: very sad, ill, or poor.	Of the weather, extremely unpleasant due to being cold, wet, overcast, etc.	Very bad (at something); unskilled, incompetent; hopeless.	Wretched; worthless; mean; contemptible.
miserable	noun	A miserable person; a wretch.	A state of misery or melancholy.
Paul	name	A city in Minidoka County, Idaho, United States.	A male given name from Latin of biblical origin.	A municipality on Santo Antão, Cape Verde.	A place name:	A surname originating as a patronymic.	A village south of Newlyn in Penzance parish, south-west Cornwall, England (OS grid ref SW4627). The civil parish of Paul (abolished 2021) did not include the village in latter years, and is now included in St Buryan, Lamorna and Paul.	An unincorporated community in Conecuh County, Alabama, United States, named after Paul the Apostle.	An unincorporated community in Otoe County, Nebraska, United States.	In the New Testament, Saul, Apostle to the Gentiles and author of fourteen epistles.
lean	verb	To hang outwards.	To incline in opinion or desire; to conform in conduct; often with to, toward, etc.	To incline, deviate, or bend, from a vertical position; to be in a position thus inclining or deviating.	To press against.	To rest or rely, for support, comfort, to use as a hard surface for writing, etc.	To thin out (a fuel-air mixture): to reduce the fuel flow into the mixture so that there is more air or oxygen.
lean	noun	A recreational drug based on codeine-laced promethazine cough syrup, especially popular in the hip hop community in the southeastern United States.	An inclination away from the vertical.	An organism that is lean in stature.	Meat with no fat on it.
lean	adj	Efficient, economic, frugal, agile, slimmed-down; pertaining to the modern industrial principles of "lean manufacturing".	Having a low proportion or concentration of a desired substance or ingredient.	Having little extra or little to spare; scanty; meagre.	Having little fat.	Of a character which prevents the compositor from earning the usual wages; opposed to fat.	Slim; not fleshy.
soap	noun	A metallic salt derived from a fatty acid, commonly used in cleaning products.	A soap opera.	A solid masonry unit or brick reduced in depth or height from standard dimensions.	Money, specially when used as a bribe.	Some other substance, often a detergent or another surfactant, able to mix with both oil and water, used for cleaning.	thiopental (sodium pentothal)
soap	verb	To apply soap to in washing.	To be discreet about (a topic).	To cover, lather, or in any other manner treat with soap, often as a prank.	To flatter; to wheedle.
ass	noun	A compositor.	A person; the self; (reflexively) oneself or one's person, chiefly their body. By extension, one's personal safety, or figuratively one's job, prospects, etc.	A stupid or jerky (inconsiderate, etc) person.	Any of several species of horse-like animals, especially Equus asinus, the domesticated of which are used as beasts of burden.	Sex; a person to have sex with; with vulgar emphasis on their corporeality (their body) over their personhood.	The anus.	The buttocks.	Used in similes to express something bad or unpleasant.
ass	adj	Of low quality; bad.
ass	particle	Synonym of -ass (used to intensify an adjective).
euro	noun	A coin with a face value of one euro.	Abbreviation of European, in any sense.	Macropus robustus, a wallaroo (macropod species).	The currency unit of the European Monetary Union. Symbol: €
innocence	noun	Absence of responsibility for a crime, tort, etc.	Imbecility; mental deficiency.	Lack of ability or intention to harm or damage.	Lack of understanding about sensitive subjects such as sexuality and crime.
chemistry	noun	A blood test to measure the amount of various components of the serum (such as electrolytes, creatinine, and glucose).	An application of chemical theory and method to a particular substance.	The branch of natural science that deals with the composition and constitution of substances and the changes that they undergo as a consequence of alterations in the constitution of their molecules.	The chemical properties and reactions of a particular organism, environment etc.	The mutual attraction between two people; rapport.
dumb	adj	An intensifier expressing contempt; damn, damned.	Having no input or voice in running things.	Lacking brightness or clearness as a colour; dim, dull.	Lacking some functionality or property ordinarily characteristic of its kind.	Not equipped with intelligent behavior or processing capabilities of its own.	Not producing any sound, silent.	Not talkative; taciturn or unwilling to speak.	Pointless, foolish, lacking intellectual content or value.	Stupid.	Unable to speak; lacking power of speech (kept in "deaf, dumb, and blind").	Unaccompanied by words or speech, silent, wordless.
dumb	verb	To make stupid.	To reduce the intellectual demands of.	To represent as stupid.	To silence.
dumb	adv	Very, extremely.
principal	adj	Chosen or assumed among a branch of possible values of a multi-valued function so that the function is single-valued.	Of or relating to a prince; princely.	Primary; most important; first level in importance.
principal	noun	A dancer at the highest rank within a professional dance company, particularly a ballet company.	A legal person that authorizes another (the agent) to act on their behalf; or on whose behalf an agent or gestor in a negotiorum gestio acts.	A main character or lead actor.	A partner or owner of a business.	A security principal.	A type of stop on a pipe organ consisting of flue pipes with a bright tonal quality. They are also sometimes referred to as a diapason.	An essential point or rule; a principle.	Either party in a duel.	One of the turrets or pinnacles of waxwork and tapers with which the posts and centre of a funeral hearse were formerly crowned	The chief administrator of a school.	The chief executive and chief academic officer of a university or college.	The construction that gives shape and strength to a roof, generally a truss of timber or iron; or, loosely, the most important member of a piece of framing.	The first two long feathers of a hawk's wing.	The money originally invested or loaned, on which basis interest and returns are calculated.	The primary participant in a crime.
reform	noun	The change of something that is defective, broken, inefficient or otherwise negative, in order to correct or improve it
reform	verb	To form again or in a new configuration.	To put into a new and improved form or condition; to restore to a former good state, or bring from bad to good; to change from worse to better.	To return to a good state; to amend or correct one's own character or habits.
sunny	adj	Cheerful.	Featuring a lot of sunshine.	Of or relating to the sun; proceeding from, or resembling the sun; shiny; radiant.	Receiving a lot of sunshine.
sunny	adv	sunny side up
sunny	noun	A sunfish.
necessarily	adv	Inevitably; of necessity.
silver	noun	A lustrous, white, metallic element, atomic number 47, atomic weight 107.87, symbol Ag.	A shiny gray color.	Any items made from silver or any other white metal.	Anything resembling silver; something shiny and white.	Coins made from silver or any similar white metal.	Cutlery and other eating utensils, whether silver or made from some other white metal.	a silver medal
silver	adj	Denoting the twenty-fifth anniversary, especially of a wedding.	Having a color like silver: a shiny gray.	Having the clear, musical tone of silver; soft and clear in sound.	Made from another white metal.	Made from silver.	Pertaining or relating to elderly persons.	Premium, but inferior to gold.
silver	verb	To acquire a silvery colour.	To cover with silver, or with a silvery metal.	To make hoary, or white, like silver.	To polish like silver; to impart a brightness to, like that of silver.
colleague	noun	A fellow member of a profession, staff, academic faculty or other organization; an associate, a workmate.
colleague	verb	To unite or associate with another or with others.
idle	adj	Averse to work, labor or employment; lazy; slothful.	Empty, vacant.	Light-headed; foolish.	Not being used appropriately; not occupied; (of time) with no, no important, or not much activity.	Not engaged in any occupation or employment; unemployed; inactive; doing nothing in particular.	Of no importance; useless; worthless; vain; trifling; thoughtless; silly.
idle	verb	Of an engine: to run at a slow speed, or out of gear; to tick over.	To cause (an engine) to idle(3)	To lose or spend time doing nothing, or without being employed in business.	To spend in idleness; to waste; to consume.
idle	noun	An idle animation.	An idle game.	The lowest selectable thrust or power setting of an engine.	The state of idling, of being idle.
neglect	verb	To fail to care for or attend to something.	To fail to do or carry out something due to oversight or carelessness.	To ignore for the sake of simplifying calculations without significantly affecting accuracy.	To omit to notice; to forbear to treat with attention or respect; to slight.
neglect	noun	Habitual lack of care.	The act of neglecting.	The state of being neglected.
thinking	noun	Thought; gerund of think.
thinking	verb	present participle and gerund of think
description	noun	A descriptive linguistic survey.	A scientific documentation of a taxon for the purpose of introducing it to science.	A set of characteristics by which someone or something can be recognized.	A sketch or account of anything in words; a portraiture or representation in language; an enumeration of the essential qualities of a thing or species.	The act of describing; a delineation by marks or signs.	The act or practice of recording and describing actual language usage in a given speech community, as opposed to prescription, i.e. laying down norms of language usage.
downtown	adj	Of, relating to, or situated in the central business district
downtown	adv	In or towards the central business district.	Outside the three-point line, or generally far from the basket.
downtown	noun	The human genitalia.	The main business part of a city or town, usually located at or near its center.	heroin.
decorate	verb	To extend a method, etc. by attaching some further code item.	To furnish with decorations.	To honor by providing a medal, ribbon, or other adornment.	To improve the appearance of an interior of, as a house, room, or office.
decorate	adj	decorated, adorned
crawl	verb	Followed by with: see crawl with.	To act in a servile manner.	To creep; to move slowly on hands and knees, or by dragging the body along the ground.	To feel a swarming sensation.	To move forward slowly, with frequent stops.	To move over (an area) on hands and knees.	To move over (an area) slowly, with frequent stops.	To swim using the crawl stroke.	To visit files or web sites in order to index them for searching.
crawl	noun	A pen or enclosure of stakes and hurdles for holding fish.	A piece of horizontally or vertically scrolling text overlaid on the main image.	A rapid swimming stroke with alternate overarm strokes and a fluttering kick.	A very slow pace.	The act of moving slowly on hands and knees, etc.	The act of sequentially visiting a series of similar establishments (i.e., a bar crawl).
alien	noun	A citizen or national of another sovereign state.	A mischievous or suspicious foreigner.	A person, animal, plant, or other thing which is from outside the family, group, organization, or territory under consideration.	Any life form of extraterrestrial or extradimensional origin.	One excluded from certain privileges; one alienated or estranged.
alien	adj	Not belonging to the same country, land, or government, or to the citizens or subjects thereof; foreign.	Pertaining to extraterrestrial life; typical of an extraterrestrial creature.	Very unfamiliar, strange, or removed.
alien	verb	To estrange; to alienate.	To transfer the ownership of something.
export	adj	Of or relating to exportation or exports.
export	noun	Something that is exported.	The act of exporting.
export	verb	To carry away.	To cause to spread in another part of the world.	To put up (a child) for international adoption.	To sell (goods) to a foreign country.	To send (data) from one program to another.
monster	noun	A badly behaved person, especially a child; a brat.	A bizarre or whimsical creature.	A cruel, heartless, or antisocial person, especially a criminal.	A deformed animal or person (especially, a severely deformed one); in previous centuries often taken as an ill omen at the time of its birth. (Offensive when applied to humans in modern usage.)	A non-player character that player(s) fight against in role-playing games; a mob	A prodigy; someone very talented in a specific domain.	A terrifying and dangerous creature, especially one of an imaginary or mythical kind.	Something very or unusually large.
monster	adj	Great; very good; excellent.	Very large; worthy of a monster.
monster	verb	To behave as a monster to; to terrorise.	To condemn or reprimand.	To harass.	To make into a monster; to categorise as a monster; to demonise.	To play (a series of) non-player characters as directed, without having the responsibility of organising the game itself; generally not limited to playing literal monsters or hostile combatants.
embarrassing	verb	present participle and gerund of embarrass
embarrassing	noun	The action of the verb to embarrass; embarrassment.
embarrassing	adj	Causing embarrassment; leading to a feeling of uncomfortable shame or self-consciousness.
darkness	noun	Any space that such colour pervades.	Gloom; gloominess; depression.	Hell.	Lack of knowledge; obscurity or meaning or intelligibility; the unknown.	Lack of understanding or compassion; spiritual or mental blindness.	Nothingness, vanity, emptiness.	Secrecy; concealment.	The product of being dark.	The state of being dark; lack of light; the absolute or comparative absence of light.	The state or quality of reflecting little light, of tending to a blackish or brownish color.
trunk	noun	A box or chest usually covered with leather, metal, or cloth, or sometimes made of leather, hide, or metal, for holding or transporting clothes or other goods.	A channel for flow of some kind.	A chute or conduit, or a watertight shaft connecting two or more decks.	A container.	A flume or sluice in which ores are separated from the slimes in which they are contained.	A large pipe forming the piston rod of a steam engine, of sufficient diameter to allow one end of the connecting rod to be attached to the crank, and the other end to pass within the pipe directly to the piston, thus making the engine more compact.	A large suitcase, chest, or similar receptacle for carrying or storing personal possessions, usually with a hinged, often domed lid, and handles at each end, so that generally it takes two persons to carry a full trunk.	A long tube through which pellets of clay, peas, etc., are driven by the force of the breath. A peashooter	A long, large box, pipe, or conductor, made of plank or metal plates, for various uses, as for conveying air to a mine or to a furnace, water to a mill, grain to an elevator, etc.	A main line in a river, canal, railroad, or highway system.	A major circuit between telephone switchboards or other switching equipment.	A storage compartment fitted behind the seat of a motorcycle.	Ellipsis of swimming trunks.	In software projects under source control: the most current source tree, from which the latest unstable builds (so-called "trunk builds") are compiled.	Part of a body.	The conspicuously extended, mobile, nose-like organ of an animal such as a sengi, a tapir or especially an elephant. The trunks of various kinds of animals might be adapted to probing and sniffing, as in the sengis, or be partly prehensile, as in the tapir, or be a versatile prehensile organ for manipulation, feeding, drinking and fighting as in the elephant.	The luggage storage compartment of a sedan/saloon-style car.	The main line or body of anything.	The part of a pilaster between the base and capital, corresponding to the shaft of a column.	The torso; especially, the human torso.	The usually single, more or less upright part of a tree, between the roots and the branches.
trunk	verb	To extract (ores) from the slimes in which they are contained, by means of a trunk.	To lop off; to curtail; to truncate.	To provide simultaneous network access to multiple clients by sharing a set of circuits, carriers, channels, or frequencies.
Taro	name	A river and valley in Italy.
University		
Harvard	name	A person who attends, attended, or is likely to attend Harvard; by extension, a person very successful academically.	A surname transferred from the given name.	A university in Cambridge, Massachusetts, named after John Harvard, American clergyman and philanthropist.	Any of a number of places named for persons with the surname, including a city in Massachusetts.	a person who is nerdy, excessively privileged, pretentious
calculate	verb	To adjust for purpose; to adapt by forethought or calculation; to fit or prepare by the adaptation of means to an end.	To ascertain or predict by mathematical or astrological computations the time, circumstances, or other conditions of; to forecast or compute the character or consequences of.	To determine the value of something or the solution to something by a mathematical process.	To determine values or solutions by a mathematical process; reckon.	To imagine sequences of potential moves and responses without actually moving the pieces.	To plan; to expect; to think.
torture	noun	An unpleasant sensation or its infliction: embarrassment, heartache, etc.	Severe pain or anguish, of mind or body.	The infliction of severe pain or anguish, especially as an interrogation technique or punishment; (usually in the plural) a technique, method, or device which is designed to inflict such anguish.
torture	verb	To intentionally inflict severe pain or suffering on (someone), usually with the aim of forcing confessions or punishing them.
feature	noun	A beneficial capability of a piece of software.	A long, prominent article or item in the media, or the department that creates them; frequently used technically to distinguish content from news.	An important or main item.	An individual measurable property or characteristic of a phenomenon being observed; the input of a model.	Any of the physical constituents of the face (eyes, nose, etc.).	Characteristic forms or shapes of parts. For example, a hole, boss, slot, cut, chamfer, or fillet.	Ellipsis of feature film.	One's structure or make-up: form, shape, bodily proportions.	Something discerned from physical evidence that helps define, identify, characterize, and interpret an archeological site.	The act of being featured in a piece of music.	The cast or structure of anything, or of any part of a thing, as of a landscape, a picture, a treaty, or an essay; any marked peculiarity or characteristic.	The elements into which linguistic units can be broken down.
feature	verb	To appear, to make an appearance.	To ascribe the greatest importance to something within a certain context.	To have features resembling.	To star, to contain.	To think about, understand, or imagine.
Tanaka	name	A surname from Japanese.
Turkish	name	Synonym of Turkic.	The official language of Turkey, Republic of Cyprus (alongside Greek) and Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
Turkish	adj	Of, from, or pertaining to Turkey, the Turkish people or the Turkish language.	Synonym of Turkic.
appetite	noun	Any strong desire; an eagerness or longing.	Desire to eat food or consume drink.	The desire for some personal gratification, either of the body or of the mind.
inch	noun	A depth of one inch in a glass, used as a rough measurement of alcoholic beverages.	A depth of one inch on the ground, used as a measurement of rainfall.	A meadow, pasture, field, or haugh.	A small island; an islet.	An English unit of length equal to 1/12 of a foot or 2.54 cm, conceived as roughly the width of a thumb.	Any of various similar units of length in other traditional systems of measurement.	Any very short distance.
inch	verb	To advance very slowly, or by a small amount (in a particular direction).	To deal out by inches; to give sparingly.	To drive by inches, or small degrees.	to burn (to insult); to speak in a cocky and cheeky manner
inch	adj	cocky and cheeky
engagement	noun	A performance metric representing an instance where a user interacts with some content after an impression.	An appointment, especially to speak or perform.	Connection or attachment.	In any situation of conflict, an actual instance of active hostilities.	The feeling of being compelled, drawn in, connected to what is happening, interested in what will happen next.	The period of time when marriage is planned or promised.	The point at which the fencers are close enough to join blades, or to make an effective attack during an encounter.	The quantitative response to a piece of content; attention.
laundry	noun	A business whose primary purpose is to conceal the origins of money received illegally.	A laundering; a washing.	A penalty flag.	A place or room where laundering is done - including, by extension, other forms of laundering than clothes washing.	That which needs to be, is being, or has been laundered.
Betty	name	A diminutive of the female given name Elizabeth.
Betty	noun	A girl who hangs out with skateboarders or surfers.
exception	noun	An interruption in normal processing, typically caused by an error condition, that can be raised ("thrown") by one part of the program and handled ("caught") by another part.	An objection, on legal grounds; also, as in conveyancing, a clause by which the grantor excepts or reserves something before the right is transferred.	An objection; cavil; dissent; disapprobation; offense; cause of offense.	That which is excluded from others; a person, thing, or case, specified as distinct, or not included.	The act of excepting or excluding; exclusion; restriction by taking out something which would otherwise be included, as in a class, statement, rule.
target	noun	A bearing representing a buckler.	A butt or mark to shoot at, as for practice, or to test the accuracy of a firearm, or the force of a projectile.	A conspicuous disk attached to a switch lever to show its position, or for use as a signal.	A goal or objective.	A kind of shield:	A kind of small shield or buckler, used as a defensive weapon in war.	A person (or group of people) that a person or organization is trying to employ or to have as a customer, audience etc.	A person, place, or thing that is frequently attacked, criticized, or ridiculed.	A shield resembling the Roman scutum, larger than the modern buckler.	A shred; a tatter.	A tassel or pendant.	A thin cut; a slice; specifically, of lamb, a piece consisting of the neck and breast joints.	An object of criticism or ridicule.	The codomain of a function; the object at which a morphism points.	The pattern or arrangement of a series of hits made by a marksman on a butt or mark.	The sliding crosspiece, or vane, on a leveling staff.	The tenor of a metaphor.	The translated version of a document, or the language into which translation occurs.	the number of runs that the side batting last needs to score in the final innings in order to win
target	verb	To aim for as an audience or demographic.	To aim something, especially a weapon, at (a target).	To produce code suitable for.
frankly	adv	In a frank or candid manner, especially in a way that may seem too open, excessively honest, or slightly blunt.	In truth, to tell the truth.	To a degree large enough as to be plainly evident.
brand	noun	A branding iron.	A conflagration.	A flame.	A mark of infamy; stigma.	A mark or scar made by burning with a hot iron, especially to mark cattle or to classify the contents of a cask.	A piece of burning wood or peat, or a glowing cinder.	A specific product, service, or provider so distinguished.	A sword.	A torch used for signaling.	Any minute fungus producing a burnt appearance in plants.	Any specific type or variety of something; a distinct style or manner.	The public image or reputation and recognized, typical style of an individual or group.	The symbolic identity, represented by a name and/or a logo, which indicates a certain product or service to the public.
brand	verb	To associate a product or service with a trademark or other name and related images.	To be very hot, to burn.	To burn the flesh with a hot iron, either as a marker (for criminals, slaves etc.) or to cauterise a wound.	To make an indelible impression on the memory or senses.	To mark (especially cattle) with a brand as proof of ownership.	To stigmatize, label (someone).
Shell	name	A diminutive of the female given name Michelle.	A surname.
bat	noun	A boot that is badly made or in poor condition.	A child's shoe without a welt.	A club made of wood or aluminium used for striking the ball in sports such as baseball, softball and cricket.	A club made of wood used as a weapon	A packsaddle.	A part of a brick with one whole end.	A player rated according to skill in batting.	A rough walking stick.	A sheet of cotton used for filling quilts or comfortables; batting.	A spree; a jollification; a binge, jag.	A stroke of work.	A stroke; a sharp blow.	A turn at hitting the ball with a bat in a game.	An old woman.	Any flying mammal of the order Chiroptera, usually small and nocturnal, insectivorous or frugivorous.	Clipping of batty (“buttocks or anus”).	Dated form of baht (“Thai currency”).	Manner; rate; condition; state of health.	Rate of motion; speed.	Shale or bituminous shale.	The piece of wood on which the spinner places the coins and then uses for throwing them.
bat	verb	To bate or flutter, as a hawk.	To flit quickly from place to place.	To flutter	To hit with a bat or (figuratively) as if with a bat.	To strike or swipe as though with a bat.	To take a turn at hitting a ball with a bat in sports like cricket, baseball and softball, as opposed to fielding.	To wink.
servant	noun	A person of low condition or spirit.	A person who dedicates themselves to God.	A professed lover.	One who is hired to perform regular household or other duties, and receives compensation. As opposed to a slave.	One who serves another, providing help in some manner.
servant	verb	To subject.
possess	verb	Chiefly followed by of or with: to vest ownership of something in (oneself or someone); to bestow upon, to endow.	Chiefly followed by that: to convince or persuade (someone).	Of a person: to control or dominate (oneself or someone, or one's own or someone's heart, mind, etc.).	Of a supernatural entity, especially one regarded as evil: to take control of (an animal or person's body or mind).	Of an idea, thought, etc.: to dominate (someone's mind); to strongly influence.	To cause an idea, thought, etc., to strongly affect or influence (someone); to inspire, to preoccupy.	To dominate (a person) sexually; to have sexual intercourse with (a person).	To dominate sexually; to have sexual intercourse with.	To give (someone) information or knowledge; to acquaint, to inform.	To have (something) as, or as if as, an owner; to have, to own.	To have control or possession of, but not to own (a chattel or an interest in land).	To have the ability to use, or knowledge of (a language, a skill, etc.)	To inhabit or occupy (a place).	To inhabit or occupy a place.	To obtain or seize (something); to gain, to win.	To occupy the attention or time of (someone).
mild	adj	Acting gently and without causing harm.	Gentle and not easily angered.	Moderately warm, especially less cold than expected.	Not overly felt or seriously intended.	Not serious or dangerous.	Not sharp or bitter; not strong in flavor.	Of only moderate severity; not strict.
mild	noun	A relatively low-gravity beer, often with a dark colour; mild ale
brake	noun	A baker’s kneading trough.	A cage.	A carriage for transporting shooting parties and their equipment.ᵂ	A cart or carriage without a body, used in breaking in horses.ᵂ	A device used to confine or prevent the motion of an animal.	A device used to slow or stop the motion of a wheel, or of a vehicle, usually by friction (although other resistive forces, such as electromagnetic fields or aerodynamic drag, can also be used); also, the controls or apparatus used to engage such a mechanism such as the pedal in a car.	A frame for confining a refractory horse while the smith is shoeing it.	A large, heavy harrow for breaking clods of earth after ploughing; a drag.	A thicket, or an area overgrown with briers etc.	A tool used for breaking flax or hemp.	A type of machine for bending sheet metal. (See wikipedia.)	A type of torture instrument.	An ancient engine of war analogous to the crossbow and ballista.	An apparatus for testing the power of a steam engine or other motor by weighing the amount of friction that the motor will overcome; a friction brake.	An enclosure to restrain cattle, horses, etc.	Any fern in the genus Pteris.	Bracken (Pteridium spp.).	Certain ferns, including	Something used to retard or stop some action, process etc.	That part of a carriage, as of a movable battery, or engine, which enables it to turn.	The act of braking, of using a brake to slow down a machine or vehicle	The handle of a pump.	The winch of a crossbow.
brake	verb	To be stopped or slowed (as if) by braking.	To bruise and crush; to knead.	To operate a brake or brakes.	To pulverise with a harrow.	simple past of break
mental	adj	Enjoyable or fun, especially in a frenetic way.	Intended for the care or treatment of persons affected by psychiatric disorders.	Mentally disordered; insane, mad, crazy.	Occurring or experienced in the mind.	Of or relating to intellectual as contrasted with emotional activity.	Of or relating to telepathic or mind-reading powers.	Of or relating to the chin or median part of the lower jaw, genial.	Of or relating to the chinlike or liplike structure.	Of or relating to the mind or specifically the total emotional and intellectual response of an individual to external reality.	Of, relating to, or affected by a psychiatric disorder.	Of, relating to, or being intellectual as contrasted with overt physical activity.	Relating to spirit or idea as opposed to matter.	Relating to the mind, its activity, or its products as an object of study.
mental	noun	A mentally challenged person.	A plate or scale covering the mentum or chin of a fish or reptile.	State of mind; ellipsis of mental state.
recall	verb	To bring back (someone) to or from a particular mental or physical state, activity etc.	To call again; to call another time.	To call back (a situation, event, etc.) to one's mind; to remember; to recollect.	To call back, bring back, or summon (someone) to a specific place, station, etc.	To hearken back to, evoke; to be reminiscent of.	To remove an elected official through a petition and direct vote.	To request or order the return of (a faulty product).	To withdraw, retract (one's words etc.); to revoke (an order).
recall	noun	Memory; the ability to remember.	Request of the return of a faulty product.	The action or fact of calling someone or something back.	The fraction of (all) relevant material that is returned by a search.	The right or procedure by which a public official may be removed from office before the end of their term of office, by a vote of the people to be taken on the filing of a petition signed by a required number or percentage of qualified voters.	The right or procedure by which the decision of a court may be directly reversed or annulled by popular vote, as was advocated, in 1912, in the platform of the Progressive Party for certain cases involving the police power of the state.
relieve	verb	To alleviate (pain, distress, mental discomfort etc.).	To bring military help to (a besieged town); to lift the siege on.	To ease (a person, person's thoughts etc.) from mental distress; to stop (someone) feeling anxious or worried, to alleviate the distress of.	To ease (someone, a part of the body etc.) or give relief from physical pain or discomfort.	To ease one's own desire to orgasm, often through masturbation to orgasm.	To free (someone) from debt or legal obligations; to give legal relief to.	To free (someone) from their post, task etc. by taking their place.	To lift up; to raise again.	To make (something) stand out; to make prominent, bring into relief.	To provide comfort or assistance to (someone in need, especially in poverty).	To raise (someone) out of danger or from (a specified difficulty etc.).	To release (someone) from or of a difficulty, unwanted task, responsibility etc.	To urinate or defecate.
union	noun	A data structure that can store any of various types of item, but only one at a time.	A joint or other connection uniting parts of machinery, such as pipes.	A large, high-quality pearl.	A trade union; a workers' union.	An affiliation of several parishes for joint support and management of their poor; also the jointly-owned workhouse.	An association of students at a university for social and/or political purposes; also in some cases a debating body.	Sexual intercourse.	Something united, or made one; something formed by a combination or coalition of parts or members; a confederation; a consolidated body; a league.	The act of uniting or joining two or more things into one.	The act or state of marriage.	The set containing all of the elements of two or more sets.	The state of being united or joined; a state of unity or harmony.
union	verb	To combine sets using the union operation.
union	adj	Belonging to, represented by, or otherwise pertaining to a labour union.	federal.
Bush	name	A surname from Middle English.	George H. W. Bush, 41st president of the United States from 1989 to 1993	George W. Bush, 43rd president of the United States from 2001 to 2009
Red	noun	A Communist.	A supporter of a sports team who wears red as part of their kit.
Red	name	A nickname given to someone who has or had red hair.
Red	adj	Communist.
opera	noun	A building designed for the performance of such works; an opera house.	A company dedicated to performing such works.	A theatrical work, combining drama, music, song and sometimes dance.	Any showy, melodramatic or unrealistic production resembling an opera.	The genre of such works, the art of composing operas.	The score for such a work.	plural of opus; a collection of work.
puppy	noun	A (generic) thing; particularly something that is a nuisance; a sucker.	A conceited and impertinent person, especially a young man.	A dog with a youthful appearance, or any dog.	A woman’s breast.	A young dog, especially before sexual maturity (12–18 months)	A young rat.	A young seal.
puppy	verb	To bring forth whelps or give birth to pups.
300		
freak	noun	A drug addict.	A fellow; a petulant young man.	A hippie.	A man, particularly a bold, strong, vigorous man.	A person who is extremely abnormal in appearance, social behavior, sexual orientation, gender identity, or business practices; an oddball, a unique person, originally in a displeasing or alienating way.	A person whose physique has grown far beyond the normal limits of muscular development; often a bodybuilder weighing more than 260 pounds (120 kg).	A streak of colour; variegation.	A sudden change of mind.	A very sexually perverse individual.	A wild dance.	An enthusiast, or person who has an obsession with, or extreme knowledge of, something.	Euphemistic form of fuck (“smallest amount of concern or consideration”).	Someone or something that is markedly unusual or unpredictable.
freak	verb	To be placed or place someone under the influence of a psychedelic drug, (especially) to experience reality withdrawal, or hallucinations (nightmarish), to behave irrational or unconventional due to drug use.	To react extremely or irrationally, usually under distress or discomposure.	To streak; to variegate
freak	adj	Strange, weird, unexpected.
furious	adj	Feeling great anger; raging; violent.	Rushing with impetuosity; moving with violence.
confident	adj	Forward, impudent.	Self-assured, self-reliant, sure of oneself.	Very sure of something; positive.
confident	noun	Obsolete form of confidant.
pop	noun	A (usually very) loud audience reaction.	A Russian Orthodox parish priest.	A bird, the European redwing.	A bottle, can, or serving of effervescent or fizzy drink, most frequently nonalcoholic; a soda pop.	A lollipop.	A loud, sharp sound, as of a cork coming out of a bottle, especially when the contents are pressurized by fizziness.	A pistol.	A pop shot: a quick, possibly unaimed, shot with a firearm.	A quantity dispensed; a portion; apiece.	A small, immature peanut, boiled as a snack.	An effervescent or fizzy drink, most frequently nonalcoholic; soda pop.	Clipping of freeze pop.	One's father.	Pop music.	Population.	Something that stands out or is distinctive to the mind or senses.	The pulling of a string away from the fretboard and releasing it so that it snaps back.	The removal of a data item from the top of a stack.	The sixth derivative of the position vector with respect to time (after velocity, acceleration, jerk, jounce, crackle), i.e. the rate of change of crackle.
pop	verb	To arrest.	To burst (something) with a popping sound.	To ejaculate; to orgasm.	To enter, or issue forth, with a quick, sudden movement; to move from place to place suddenly; to dart.	To give birth.	To hit (something or someone).	To make a pop, or sharp, quick sound.	To make a short trip or visit.	To occur or happen.	To pawn (something) (to raise money).	To perform (a move or stunt) while riding a board or vehicle.	To perform the popping style of dance.	To place (something) (somewhere); to move or position (something) with a short movement.	To pull a string away from the fretboard and release it so that it snaps back.	To remove (a data item) from the top of a stack.	To shoot (usually somebody) with a firearm.	To stand out; to be distinctive to the senses.	To swallow or consume (especially a tablet of a drug, sometimes extended to other small items such as sweets or candy).	To undergo equalization of pressure when the Eustachian tubes open.
pop	intj	A loud, sharp sound, as of a cork coming out of a bottle.
pop	adj	Popular.
tap	noun	A conical peg or pin used to close and open the hole or vent in a container.	A connection made to an electrical or fluid conductor without breaking it; a tapping.	A cylindrical tool used to cut an internal screw thread in a hole, with cutting edges around the lower end and an upper end to which a handle is fitted to turn the tool.	A device used to listen in secretly on telephone calls or other communications.	A hollow device used to control the flow of a fluid, such as an alcoholic beverage from a cask, or a gas or liquid in a pipe.	A light blow or strike with a clear sound; a gentle rap; a pat; also, the sound made by such a blow or strike.	A malarial fever.	A piece of leather or other material fastened upon the bottom of an item of footwear when repairing the heel or sole; also (England, dialectal) the sole of an item of footwear.	A secret interception of telephone calls or other communications using such a device; also, a recording of such a communication.	A shot fired from a firearm.	A single muscle contraction in vocal organs causing a consonant sound; also, the sound so made.	A situation where a borrowing government authority issues bonds over a period of time, usually at a fixed price, with volumes sold on a particular day dependent on market conditions.	An act of touching a button, icon, or specific location on the touch screen of an electronic device such as a mobile phone to invoke a function.	An object with a tapering conical form like a tap (sense 1); specifically, ellipsis of taproot (“long, tapering root of a plant”).	Ellipsis of tap dance.	Ellipsis of taphouse or taproom (“place where alcoholic beverages are served on tap”).	Liquor drawn through a tap (sense 2.2); hence, a certain kind or quality of liquor; also (figurative, informal), a certain kind or quality of any thing.	One of the metal pieces attached to the sole of a tap dancer's shoe at the toe and heel to cause a tapping sound.	The smallest amount of work; a stroke of work.	To click on something usually a device.
tap	verb	Also in the form tap on the shoulder: to arrest (someone).	Of a bell, a drum, etc.: to make a sharp noise, often as a signal.	Of a hare or rabbit: to strike the ground repeatedly with its feet during the rutting season.	Often followed by at or on: to strike lightly with a clear sound; also, to make a sharp noise through this action.	To (lightly) touch (a finger, foot, or other body part) on a surface, often repeatedly.	To act as a tapster; to draw an alcoholic beverage from a container.	To ask or beg for (something) to be given for free; to cadge, to scrounge; also, to ask or beg (someone) to give something for free.	To break into or open up (a thing) so as to obtain something; to exploit, to penetrate; tap into.	To choose or designate (someone) for a duty, an honour, membership of an organization, or a position.	To connect a listening and/or recording device to (a communication cable or device) in order to listen in secretly on telephone calls or other communications; also, to secretly listen in on and/or record (a telephone call or other communication).	To cut an external screw thread into (a bolt or rod) to create a screw.	To cut an internal screw thread in (a hole); also, to cut (an internal screw thread) in a hole, or to create an internally threaded hole in (something).	To deplete (something); to tap out.	To drain off fluid from (a person or a body cavity) by paracentesis.	To draw off (a liquid) from a container or other source; also, to draw off a liquid from (a container or other source).	To force (an opponent) to place all their poker chips in the pot (that is, to go all in) by wagering all of one's own chips.	To force (an opponent) to submit, chiefly by indicating their intention to do so by striking a hand on the ground several times; to tap out.	To furnish (a container, etc.) with a tap (noun sense 2.2) so that liquid can be drawn.	To have sexual intercourse with (someone).	To invoke a function on an electronic device such as a mobile phone by touching (a button, icon, or specific location on its touch screen).	To lightly and repeatedly touch (a person or one or more body parts) as part of various forms of psychological treatment.	To lightly touch a touchscreen, usually an icon or button, to activate a function.	To put (a screw or other object) in or through another thing.	To remove a taproot from (a plant).	To repair (an item of footwear) by putting on a new heel or sole, or a piece of material on to the heel or sole.	To shoot (someone or something) with a firearm.	To spend money, etc., freely.	To strike (someone or something), chiefly lightly with a clear sound, but sometimes hard.	To submit to an opponent, chiefly by indicating an intention to do so by striking a hand on the ground several times; to tap out.	To turn over (a playing card or playing piece) to remind players that it has already been used in that round.	To walk by striking the ground lightly with a clear sound.
senior	adj	Higher in rank, dignity, or office; superior.	Of or pertaining to a league or competition limited to players above a certain age or level of experience.	Of or pertaining to a student's final academic year at a high school (twelfth grade) or university.	Older.
senior	noun	A final-year student at a high school or university; a finalist.	An elder or presbyter in the early Church.	An old person.	Somebody who is higher in rank, dignity, or office.	Someone older than someone else (with possessive).	Someone seen as deserving respect or reverence because of their age.
gradually	adv	In a gradual manner; making slow progress; slowly.	by degrees
200		
rub	noun	A difficulty or problem.	A loan.	A mixture of spices applied to meat before it is barbecued.	A quip or sarcastic remark.	An act of rubbing.	Any substance designed to be applied by rubbing.	In the game of crown green bowls, any obstacle by which a bowl is diverted from its normal course.
rub	verb	To be rubbed against something.	To hinder; to cross; to thwart.	To move (one object) while maintaining contact with another object over some area, with pressure and friction.	To move or pass with difficulty.	To scour; to burnish; to polish; to brighten; to cleanse; often with up or over.	To spread a substance thinly over; to smear.	To touch the jack with the bowl.
elderly	adj	Of an object, being old-fashioned or frail due to aging.	old; having lived for relatively many years.
elderly	noun	An elderly person.	Older people as a whole.
behaviour	noun	British standard spelling of behavior.
arise	verb	To come up from a lower to a higher position.	To come up from one's bed or place of repose; to get up.	To spring up; to come into action, being, or notice; to become operative, sensible, or visible; to begin to act a part; to present itself.
arise	noun	Arising, rising.
brilliant	adj	Both bright and saturated.	Having a sharp, clear tone.	Highly intelligent.	Of surpassing excellence; magnificent.	Shining brightly.
brilliant	noun	A finely cut gemstone, especially a diamond, cut in a particular form with numerous facets so as to maximize light return through the top (called "table") of the stone.	A kind of cotton goods, figured on the weaving.	Most hummingbird species of the genus Heliodoxa.	The size of type between excelsior and diamond, standardized as 4-point.
brilliant	verb	To cut (a diamond) with many facets, to make it into a brilliant.
Christian	noun	A European, especially though not necessarily of the Christian religion.	A believer in Christianity.	A person who seeks to live his or her life according to the principles and values taught by Jesus Christ.	An adherent of Christianity who is not a Catholic; a Protestant.
Christian	name	A female given name from Ancient Greek of medieval usage, rare today.	A male given name from Ancient Greek found in England since the twelfth century.	A surname originating as a patronymic.	An unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia, United States.
Christian	adj	Kind, charitable; moral; a term of approbation.	Of, like or relating to Christianity or Christians.	Of, like or relating to Jesus Christ.	Of, like or relating to Protestant Christians.
structure	noun	A body, such as a political party, with a cohesive purpose or outlook.	A cohesive whole built up of distinct parts.	A set along with a collection of finitary functions and relations.	A set of rules defining behaviour.	Several pieces of data treated as a unit.	The overall form or organization of something.	The underlying shape of a solid.	Underwater terrain or objects (such as a dead tree or a submerged car) that tend to attract fish
structure	verb	To give structure to; to arrange.
crew	noun	A close group of friends.	A group of Rovers.	A group of people (often staff) manning and operating a large facility or piece of equipment such as a factory, ship, boat, airplane, or spacecraft.	A group of people together	A group of people working together on a task.	A hip-hop or b-boying group.	A member of a ship's company who is not an officer.	A member of the crew of a vessel or plant.	A pen for livestock such as chickens or pigs	A person in a crew	A rowing team manning a single shell.	A set of individuals lumped together by the speaker.	A worker on a dramatic production who is not part of the cast.	Any company of people; an assemblage; a throng.	The Manx shearwater.	The group of workers on a dramatic production who are not part of the cast.	The sport of competitive rowing.
crew	verb	To be a member of a vessel's crew	To be a member of a work or production crew	To do the proper work of a sailor	To supply workers or sailors for a crew	To take on, recruit (new) crew	simple past of crow (“make the characteristic sound of a rooster”).
priest	noun	A blunt tool, used for quickly stunning and killing fish.	A religious clergyman (clergywoman, clergyperson) who is trained to perform services or sacrifices at a church or temple.	The highest office in the Aaronic priesthood.
priest	verb	To ordain as a priest.
elder	adj	comparative degree of old: older, greater than another in age or seniority.
elder	noun	A clergyman authorized to administer all the sacraments.	A cow's udder, especially used as food.	A leader or senior member of a tribe or community, often of considerable age, respected as an authority figure, especially in a counselling, consultative, or ceremonial role.	A male missionary.	A pagan or Heathen priest or priestess.	A small tree, Sambucus nigra, having white flowers in a cluster, and edible purple berries.	An officer of a church, sometimes having teaching responsibilities.	An old person.	Any of the other species of the genus Sambucus: small trees, shrubs or herbaceous perennials with red, purple, or white/yellow berries (some of which are poisonous).	One ordained to the lowest office in the Melchizedek priesthood.	One who is older than another.	One who lived at an earlier period; a predecessor.	Title for a male missionary; title for a general authority.
elder	verb	To admonish or reprove for improper conduct by the elders of the meeting.
suck	noun	A part of a river towards which strong currents converge making navigation difficult.	A short drink, especially a dram of spirits.	A sycophant, especially a child.	A weak, self-pitying person; a person who refuses to go along with others, especially out of spite; a crybaby or sore loser.	An act of fellatio.	An indrawing of gas or liquid caused by suction.	An instance of drawing something into one's mouth by inhaling.	Badness or mediocrity.	Milk drawn from the breast.	The ability to suck; suction.
suck	verb	To be inferior or objectionable: a general term of disparagement, sometimes used with at to indicate a particular area of deficiency.	To extract, draw in (a substance) from or out of something.	To inhale (air), to draw (breath).	To perform fellatio.	To perform such an action; to feed from a breast or teat.	To pull (something) in a given direction, especially without direct contact.	To put the mouth or lips to (a breast, a mother etc.) to draw in milk.	To use the mouth and lips to pull in (a liquid, especially milk from the breast).	To work the lips and tongue on (an object) to extract moisture or nourishment; to absorb (something) in the mouth.
poetry	noun	A poet's literary production.	An artistic quality that appeals to or evokes the emotions, in any medium; something having such a quality.	Literature composed in verse or language exhibiting conscious attention to patterns and rhythm.
regards	noun	A greeting at the end of a letter or e-mail communication.	A greeting to pass on to another person.	Good wishes.	plural of regard
regards	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of regard
stubborn	adj	Of materials: physically stiff and inflexible; not easily melted or worked.	Refusing to move or to change one's opinion; obstinate; firmly resisting; persistent in doing something.
stubborn	noun	Ellipsis of stubborn disease (“a disease of citrus trees”).	Stubbornness.
onion	noun	A ball.	A monocotyledonous plant (Allium cepa), allied to garlic, used as vegetable and spice.	A watch-seal.	Alternative letter-case form of Onion (“an inhabitant of Bermuda; a Bermudian”).	An ounce.	Any of various plants, mostly of the genus Allium, that are more or less similar to Allium cepa.	Soy, particularly when used in compound words related to the soy boy stereotype.	The bulb of such a plant.
basement	noun	A floor of a building below ground level.	A mass of igneous or metamorphic rock forming the foundation over which a platform of sedimentary rocks is laid.	Last place in a sports conference's standings.
proceed	verb	To be applicable or effective; to be valid.	To be transacted; to take place; to occur.	To begin and carry on a legal process.	To come from; to have as its source or origin.	To go on in an orderly or regulated manner; to begin and carry on a series of acts or measures; to act methodically	To move, pass, or go forward or onward; to advance; to carry on	To pass from one point, topic, or stage, to another.	To take an academic degree.
decrease	verb	Of a quantity, to become smaller.	To make (a quantity) smaller.
decrease	noun	A reduction in the number of stitches, usually accomplished by suspending the stitch to be decreased from another existing stitch or by knitting it together with another stitch. See Decrease (knitting).	An amount by which a quantity decreases or is decreased.
sigh	verb	To exhale (the breath) in sighs.	To express by sighs; to utter in or with sighs.	To inhale a larger quantity of air than usual, and immediately expel it; to make a deep single audible respiration, especially as the result or involuntary expression of fatigue, exhaustion, grief, sorrow, frustration, or the like.	To lament; to grieve.	To make a sound like sighing.	To utter sighs over; to lament or mourn over.
sigh	noun	A deep, prolonged audible inhale and exhale of breath; as when fatigued, frustrated, grieved, or relieved; the act of sighing.	A person who is bored.	a manifestation of grief; a lament.
sigh	intj	An expression of fatigue, exhaustion, grief, sorrow, frustration, or the like, often used in casual written contexts.
Mars	name	A village in Semenivka urban hromada, Novhorod-Siverskyi Raion, Chernihiv Oblast, Ukraine.	Ellipsis of Mars bar, a brand of chocolate bar with caramel and nougat filling.	The Roman god of war.	The fourth planet in the solar system. Symbol: ♂	War; a personification of war.
Mars	noun	Alternative form of Mas.	Gules (red), in the postmedieval practice of blazoning the tinctures of certain sovereigns' (especially British monarchs') coats as planets.	Iron.
acquaintance	noun	A person or persons with whom one is acquainted.	A state of being acquainted with a person; originally indicating friendship, intimacy, but now suggesting a slight knowledge less deep than that of friendship; acquaintanceship.	Personal knowledge (with a specific subject etc.).	Such people collectively; one's circle of acquaintances (with plural concord).
12	noun	Clipping of 1260 (“1260° spin”)	Police or law enforcement, collectively.
12	symbol	The Aryan Brotherhood: an American white supremacist, neo-Nazi prison gang and crime syndicate.	Used by fans of American football, positioning themselves as the 12th member of an 11-player team.
mercy	noun	A blessing; something to be thankful for.	A children's game in which two players stand opposite with hands grasped and twist each other's arms until one gives in.	A tendency toward forgiveness, pity, or compassion.	Forgiveness or compassion, especially toward those less fortunate.	Instances of forbearance or forgiveness.	Relenting; forbearance to cause or allow harm to another.
mercy	verb	To feel mercy	To show mercy; to pardon or treat leniently because of mercy
mercy	intj	Expressing surprise or alarm.
steak	noun	A relatively large, thick slice or slab cut from another animal, a vegetable, etc.	A slice of meat cut across the grain (perpendicular to the spine) from a fish.	beefsteak, a slice of beef, broiled or cut for broiling.
steak	verb	To cook (something, especially fish) like or as a steak.
butterfly	noun	A combination of four options of the same type at three strike prices giving limited profit and limited risk.	A flying insect of the order Lepidoptera, distinguished from moths by their diurnal activity and generally brighter colouring.	A person who changes partners frequently.	A random change in an aspect of the timeline seemingly unrelated to the primary point of divergence, resulting from the butterfly effect.	A safety link or detaching hook above the cage attached to the winding rope to prevent the cage from being overwound.	A type of stretch in which one sits on the ground with the legs folded into a shape like that of a butterfly's wings, slightly rocking them up and down, resembling the wings fluttering.	A use of surgical tape, cut into thin strips and placed across an open wound to hold it closed.	Any of several plane curves that look like a butterfly; see Butterfly curve (transcendental) and Butterfly curve (algebraic).	Ellipsis of butterflies in one’s stomach (“A sensation of excited anxiety felt in the stomach”).	Someone seen as being unserious and (originally) dressed gaudily; someone flighty and unreliable.	The butterfly stroke.	party switcher; turncoat.
butterfly	verb	To cause events after the point of divergence to not happen as they did in real history, and people conceived after the point of divergence to not exist in recognizable form, due to the random variations introduced by the butterfly effect.	To cut (food) almost entirely in half and spread the halves apart, in a shape suggesting the wings of a butterfly.	To cut strips of surgical tape or plasters into thin strips, and place across (a gaping wound) to close it.
naturally	adv	In a natural manner.	Inherently or by nature.	Surely or without any doubt.
reader	noun	A book of exercises to accompany a textbook.	A lay or minor cleric who reads lessons in a church service.	A literary anthology.	A newspaper advertisement designed to look like a news article rather than a commercial solicitation.	A person employed by a publisher to read works submitted for publication and determine their merits.	A person who reads a publication.	A person who reads.	A person who recites literary works, usually to an audience.	A position attached to aristocracy, or to the wealthy, with the task of reading aloud, often in a foreign language.	A proofreader.	A university lecturer ranking below a professor.	A wallet or pocketbook.	An elementary textbook for those learning to read, especially for foreign languages.	Any device that reads something.	At Eton College, a lesson for which pupils are sent back to their separate school houses.	Marked playing cards used by cheaters.	Reading glasses.
musical	adj	Fond of music; discriminating with regard to music; gifted or skilled in music.	Of, belonging or relating to music, or to its performance or notation.	Pertaining to a class of games in which players move while music plays, but have to take a fixed position when it stops; by extension, any situation where people repeatedly change positions.	Pleasing to the ear; sounding agreeably; having the qualities of music; melodious; harmonious.
musical	noun	A meeting or a party for a musical entertainment; a musicale.	A stage performance, show or film that involves singing, dancing and musical numbers performed by the cast as well as acting.
series	noun	A group of matches between two sides, with the aim being to win more matches than the opposition.	A number of things that follow on one after the other or are connected one after the other.	A parcel of rough diamonds of assorted qualities.	A set of consonants that share a particular phonetic or phonological feature.	A subdivision of a genus, a taxonomic rank below that of section (and subsection) but above that of species.	A television or radio program consisting of several episodes that are broadcast at regular intervals.	An unranked taxon.	Synonym of season (“one of the groups of episodes that together make up a whole series”).	The sequence of partial sums ∑ᵢ₌₁ⁿa_i of a given sequence aᵢ.
dump	noun	A car or boat for dumping refuse, etc.	A deep hole in a river bed; a pool.	A disorganized collection of images posted on social media.	A formatted listing of the contents of program storage, especially when produced automatically by a failing program.	A lead counter used in the game of chuck-farthing.	A melancholy strain or tune in music; any tune.	A pile of ore or rock.	A place where waste or garbage is left; a ground or place for dumping ashes, refuse, etc.; a disposal site.	A sad, gloomy state of the mind; sadness; melancholy; despondency.	A small coin made by punching a hole in a larger coin (called a holey dollar).	A storage place for supplies, especially military.	A temporary display case that holds many copies of an item being sold.	A thick, ill-shapen piece.	Absence of mind; reverie.	An act of defecation; a defecating.	An act of dumping, or its result.	An old kind of dance.	An unpleasant, dirty, disreputable, unfashionable, boring, or depressing looking place.	That which is dumped, especially in a chaotic way; a mess.
dump	verb	Of a surf wave, to crash a swimmer, surfer, etc., heavily downwards.	To copy (data) from a system to another place or system, usually in order to archive it.	To discard; to get rid of something one no longer wants.	To end a romantic relationship with.	To knock heavily; to stump.	To output the contents of storage or a data structure, often in order to diagnose a bug.	To precipitate (especially snow) heavily.	To put or throw down with more or less of violence; hence, to unload from a cart by tilting it	To release, especially in large quantities and chaotic manner.	To sell below cost or very cheaply; to engage in dumping.
frog	noun	A French person.	A French-speaking person from Quebec.	A device used to secure stems in a floral arrangement, also called a flower frog or kenzan.	A leather or fabric loop used to attach a sword or bayonet, or its scabbard, to a waist or shoulder belt.	A type of fishing lure that resembles a frog.	An organ on the bottom of a horse’s hoof that assists in the circulation of blood.	An ornate fastener for clothing consisting of an oblong button, toggle, or knot, that fits through a loop.	Any of a class of small tailless amphibians of the order Anura that typically hop.	Defector: politician who switches to a different political party.	Road. Shorter, more common form of frog and toad.	The depression in the upper face of a pressed or handmade clay brick.	The part of a railway switch or turnout where the running rails cross (from the resemblance to the frog in a horse’s hoof).	The part of a violin bow (or that of other similar string instruments such as the viola, cello and contrabass) located at the end held by the player, to which the horsehair is attached.
frog	verb	To have sex with; fuck.	To hunt or trap frogs.	To lie sprawled out like a frog; sploot.	To ornament or fasten a coat, etc. with frogs.	To spatchcock (a chicken).	To unravel part of (a knitted garment), either to correct a mistake or to reclaim the thread or yarn.	To use a pronged plater to transfer (cells) to another plate.
diligent	adj	Performing with industrious concentration; hard-working and focused.
cope	verb	To bargain for; to buy.	To clip the beak or talons of a bird.	To cover (a joint or structure) with coping.	To cut and form a mitred joint in wood or metal.	To deal effectively with something, especially if difficult.	To encounter; to meet; to have to do with.	To exchange or barter.	To form a cope or arch; to arch or bend; to bow.	To make return for; to requite; to repay.	To match oneself against; to meet; to encounter.	To silence or prevent from speaking.	To tie or sew up the mouth of a ferret used for hunting rabbits.
cope	noun	A coping mechanism or self-delusion one clings to in order to endure a hopeless situation.	A covering piece on top of a wall exposed to the weather, usually made of metal, masonry, or stone, and sloped to carry off water.	A long, loose cloak worn by a priest, deacon, or bishop when presiding over a ceremony other than the Mass.	An ancient tribute due to the lord of the soil, out of the lead mines in Derbyshire, England.	Any covering such as a canopy or a mantle.	The top part of a sand casting mold.	The vault or canopy of the skies, heavens etc.
cope	intj	A contemptuous dismissal, implying that someone should deal with some problem on their own and that the speaker will not engage any further.	An expression of spite towards someone who suffered a setback.
sore	adj	Causing pain or discomfort; painfully sensitive.	Criminal; wrong; evil.	Dire; distressing.	Feeling animosity towards someone; annoyed or angered.	Sensitive; tender; easily pained, grieved, or vexed; very susceptible of irritation.
sore	adv	Sorely.	Very, excessively, extremely (of something bad).
sore	noun	A young buck in its fourth year.	A young hawk or falcon in its first year.	An injured, infected, inflamed or diseased patch of skin.	Grief; affliction; trouble; difficulty.
sore	verb	To mutilate the legs or feet of (a horse) in order to induce a particular gait.
identify	verb	To associate oneself with some group; to feel, or believe one feels, the same way.	To claim an identity; to describe oneself as a member of a group; to assert the use of a particular term to describe oneself.	To disclose the identity of someone.	To equate or make the same; to unite or combine into one.	To establish the identity of someone or something.	To establish the taxonomic classification of an organism.	To have a strong affinity with; to feel oneself to be modelled on or connected to.
February	name	A female given name transferred from the month name [in turn from English].	The short month following January and preceding March in the Roman, Julian, and Gregorian calendars, used in all three calendars for intercalation or addition of leap days.
Old	name	A surname.	A village and civil parish in West Northamptonshire district, Northamptonshire, England, previously in Daventry district (OS grid ref SP7873).
fuel	noun	Something that stimulates, encourages or maintains an action.	Substance consumed to provide energy through combustion, or through chemical or nuclear reaction.	Substance that provides nourishment for a living organism; food.
fuel	verb	To exacerbate, to cause to grow or become greater.	To provide with fuel.
tunnel	noun	A hole in the ground made by an animal, a burrow.	A level passage driven across the measures, or at right angles to veins which it is desired to reach; distinguished from the drift, or gangway, which is led along the vein when reached by the tunnel.	A passage through or under some obstacle.	A vessel with a broad mouth at one end, a pipe or tube at the other, for conveying liquor, fluids, etc., into casks, bottles, or other vessels; a funnel.	A wrapper for a protocol that cannot otherwise be used because it is unsupported, blocked, or insecure.	An underground or underwater passage.	Anything that resembles a tunnel.	The opening of a chimney for the passage of smoke; a flue.
tunnel	verb	To dig a tunnel.	To insert a catheter into a vein to allow long-term use.	To make a tunnel through or under something; to burrow.	To transmit something through a tunnel (wrapper for an insecure or unsupported protocol).	To undergo the quantum-mechanical phenomenon where a particle penetrates through a barrier that it classically cannot surmount.
whale	noun	A gambler who routinely wagers large amounts of money.	A person who spends large amounts of money on things that are marketed to them.	An investor who deals with very large amounts of money.	An overweight person (usually a woman)	Any one of numerous large marine mammals comprising an informal group within infraorder Cetacea that usually excludes dolphins and porpoises.	Any species of Cetacea.	Something, or someone, that is excellent.	Something, or someone, that is very large.
whale	verb	To hunt for whales.	To thrash, to flog, to beat vigorously or soundly.
bookstore	noun	A stationery store.	A store where books are bought and sold.
swimmer	noun	A Norfolk dumpling.	A protuberance on the leg of a horse.	A sperm.	A webfooted aquatic bird.	One who swims.
conservative	noun	A person who favors maintenance of the status quo.	One who seeks to promote or preserve traditional values or institutions.	One who seeks to promote traditions in a particular domain (e.g. a fiscal conservative or a social conservative).
conservative	adj	Based on pessimistic assumptions, and on the low side.	Cautious, moderate.	Conventional, traditional, and moderate in style and appearance; not extreme, excessive, faddish, or intense.	Having few changes relative to an older form, especially in comparison to related varieties.	Having power to preserve in a safe or entire state, or from loss, waste, or injury; preservative.	Neither creating nor destroying a given quantity.	Not including any operation or intervention (said of a treatment, see conservative treatment)	Relating to Conservative Judaism.	Relating to the Conservative Party.	Supporting some combination of fiscal, political or social conservatism.	Tending to resist change or innovation.	That is the gradient of a function.
bucket	noun	A bucket bag.	A container made of rigid material, often with a handle, used to carry liquids or small items.	A field goal.	A great deal of anything.	A helmet.	A large amount of liquid.	A mechanism for avoiding the allocation of targets in cases of mismanagement.	A storage space in a hash table for every item sharing a particular key.	A turbine blade driven by hot gas or steam.	A unit of measure equal to four gallons.	An old vehicle that is not in good working order.	Part of a piece of machinery that resembles a bucket (container).	Someone who habitually uses crack cocaine.	The amount held in this container.	The basket.	The leather socket for holding the whip when driving, or for the carbine or lance when mounted.	The pitcher in certain orchids.
bucket	verb	To categorize (data) by splitting it into buckets, or groups of related items.	To criticize vehemently; to denigrate.	To draw or lift in, or as if in, buckets.	To make, or cause to make (the recovery), with a certain hurried or unskillful forward swing of the body.	To place inside a bucket.	To rain heavily.	To ride (a horse) hard or mercilessly.	To travel very quickly.
management	noun	Administration; the use of limited resources combined with forecasting, planning, leadership and execution skills to achieve predetermined specific goals.	Judicious use of means to accomplish an end.	The executives of an organisation, especially senior executives.
factor	noun	A business organization that lends money on accounts receivable or buys and collects accounts receivable.	A commission agent.	A doer, maker; a person who does things for another person or organization.	A person or business organization that provides money for another's new business venture; one who finances another's business.	A resource used in the production of goods or services, a factor of production.	A steward or bailiff of an estate.	An agent or representative; a reseller or distributor (sometimes with a private label); a consignee.	Any of various objects multiplied together to form some whole.	Influence; a phenomenon that affects the nature, the magnitude, and/or the timing of a consequence.	One of the elements, circumstances, or influences which contribute to produce a result.
factor	verb	To be a product of other objects.	To find all the factors of (a number or other mathematical object) (the objects that divide it evenly).	To rewrite an expression as the product of its factors.	To sell a debt or debts to an agent (the factor) to collect.
bunch	noun	A considerable amount.	A group of logs tied together for skidding.	A group of similar things, either growing together, or in a cluster or clump, usually fastened together.	A protuberance; a hunch; a knob or lump; a hump.	A seventeenth-century unit of Rhenish glass, 60 of which constitute a way or web.	An informal body of friends.	An unfinished cigar, before the wrapper leaf is added.	An unmentioned amount; a number.	An unusual concentration of ore in a lode or a small, discontinuous occurrence or patch of ore in the wallrock.	The illegitimate supplying of laboratory animals that are act	The peloton; the main group of riders formed during a race.	The reserve yarn on the filling bobbin to allow continuous weaving between the time of indication from the midget feeler until a new bobbin is put in the shuttle.
bunch	verb	To be gathered together in folds	To form a bunch.	To gather fabric into folds.	To gather into a bunch.	To protrude or swell
explode	verb	Of a die, to produce the highest face result and consequently reroll.	To break (a delimited string of text) into several smaller strings by removing the separators.	To create an exploded view of.	To decompress (data) that was previously imploded.	To destroy violently or abruptly.	To destroy with an explosion.	To disprove or debunk.	To ejaculate.	To emerge suddenly.	To fly apart with sudden violent force; to blow up, to burst, to detonate, to go off.	To increase arbitrarily or boundlessly.	To increase suddenly.	To make a violent or emotional outburst; to suddenly give expression to powerful and often negative or unpleasant emotion, especially anger.	To open all doors and hatches on an automobile.
witch	noun	A bitch.	A certain curve of the third order, described by Maria Agnesi under the name versiera.	A cone of paper which is placed in a vessel of lard or other fat and used as a taper.	A person (now usually particularly a woman) who uses magical or similar supernatural powers to influence or predict events.	A woman who follows Wicca or similar New Age pagan beliefs.	An Indomalayan butterfly, of Araotes lapithis, of the family Lycaenidae.	An ugly or unpleasant woman.	Any of a number of flatfish:	Arnoglossus scapha, found near New Zealand.	Glyptocephalus cynoglossus (Torbay sole), found in the North Atlantic.	Lepidorhombus whiffiagonis (megrim), found in the North Atlantic.	One given to mischief, especially a woman or child.	One who exercises more-than-common power of attraction; a charming or bewitching person.	The storm petrel.
witch	verb	To bewitch.	To dowse for water.	To practise witchcraft.
dreaming	verb	present participle and gerund of dream
dreaming	noun	An instance of dreaming; a dream or reverie.
code	noun	A body of law, sanctioned by legislation, in which the rules of law to be specifically applied by the courts are set forth in systematic form; a compilation of laws by public authority; a digest.	A cryptographic system using a codebook that converts words or phrases into codewords.	A message represented by rules intended to conceal its meaning.	A particular lect or language variety.	A program.	A set of rules for converting information into another form or representation.	A set of unwritten rules that bind a social group.	A short textual designation, often with little relation to the item it represents.	An emergency requiring situation-trained members of the staff.	Any system of principles, rules or regulations relating to one subject.	By synecdoche: a codeword, code point, an encoded representation of a character, symbol, or other entity.	Instructions for a computer, written in a programming language; the input of a translator, an interpreter or a browser, namely: source code, machine code, bytecode.
code	verb	Of a patient, to suffer a sudden medical emergency (a code blue) such as cardiac arrest.	To add codes to (a data set).	To call a hospital emergency code.	To categorise by assigning identifiers from a schedule, for example CPT coding for medical insurance purposes.	To encode a protein.	To encode.	To write software programs.
wow	intj	An expression of amazement, awe, or admiration.	An indication of excitement, surprise, astonishment, or pleasure.	Used sarcastically to express disapproval of something.
wow	verb	To amaze or awe.
wow	noun	A relatively slow form of flutter (pitch variation) which can affect both gramophone records and tape recorders.	An utterance of "wow".	Anything exceptionally surprising, unbelievable, outstanding, etc.
tore	adj	Full; rich.	Hard, difficult; wearisome, tedious.	Strong, sturdy; great, massive.
tore	verb	past participle of tear (“rip, rend, speed”)	simple past of tear (“rip, rend, speed”).
tore	noun	Alternative form of torus.	The dead grass that remains on mowing land in winter and spring.	The solid enclosed by such a surface; an anchor ring.	The surface described by the circumference of a circle revolving about a straight line in its own plane.
internet	name	Alternative letter-case form of Internet (“global community of individuals communicating via the Internet”).	Alternative letter-case form of Internet (“the specific internet consisting of a global network of computers that communicate using Internet Protocol (IP) and that use Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) to identify the best paths to route those communications”).
internet	noun	A fictitious unit of scoring awarded for making outstanding posts on the internet.	Any set of computer networks that communicate using the Internet Protocol; an intranet.	Internet access or connection; internet connectivity.
internet	verb	To connect (a computer, an electronic device, etc.) into a computer network (in particular, the Internet).	To entwine or link (several things) together, so as to form a network; to interconnect, to network.	To use the internet; specifically, to search for information by using the internet.
punishment	noun	A penalty to punish wrongdoing, especially for crime.	A suffering by pain or loss imposed as retribution.	Any harsh treatment or experience; rough handling.	The act (action) or process of punishing, imposing and/or applying a sanction, typically by an authority or a person in authority (for example: a parent or teacher), especially when disappointed or dissatisfied with the behavior or actions of a child, student, or someone else being looked after.
zero	num	The cardinal number occurring before one and that denotes no quantity or amount at all, represented in Arabic numerals as 0.
zero	noun	A Mitsubishi A6M Zero, a long range fighter aircraft operated by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service from 1940 to 1945.	A person of little or no importance.	A security which has a zero coupon (paying no periodic interest).	A setting of calibrated instruments such as a firearm, corresponding to a zero value.	A value of the independent variables of a function, for which the function is equal to zero.	Nothing, or none.	The additive identity element of a monoid or greater algebraic structure, particularly a group or ring.	The digit 0 in the decimal, binary, and all other base numbering systems.	The numeric symbol that represents the cardinal number zero.	The point on a scale at which numbering or measurement originates.	The value of a magnitude corresponding to the cardinal number zero.
zero	det	Synonym of no.
zero	adj	Of a cloud ceiling, limiting vision to 50 feet (15 meters) or less.	Of horizontal visibility, limited to 165 feet (50.3 meters) or less.	Present at an abstract level, but not realized in the surface form.	Used in the names of foodstuffs, especially beverages, to indicate a version with no calories
zero	verb	To adjust until the variance is reduced to an acceptably low amount.	To disappear or make something disappear.	To set some amount to be zero.
comic	adj	Pertaining to comedy, as a literary genre.	Unintentionally humorous; amusing, ridiculous.	Using the techniques of comedy, as a composition, performer etc; amusing, entertaining.
comic	noun	A children's magazine.	A comedian.	A story composed of drawn images arranged in a sequence, usually with textual captions; a graphic novel.
assignment	noun	A document that effects this transfer.	A position to which someone is assigned.	A task given to students, such as homework or coursework.	A transfer of a right or benefit from one person to another.	An assigned task.	An operation that assigns a value to a variable.	The act of assigning; the allocation of a job or a set of tasks.	The categorization of persons as belonging to the male or female sex.	The categorization of something as belonging to a specific category.
amaze	verb	To bewilder or perplex (someone or oneself).	To experience amazement; to be astounded.	To fill (someone) with panic; to panic, to terrify.	To fill (someone) with surprise and wonder; to astonish, to astound, to surprise.	To stun or stupefy (someone).
amaze	noun	Amazement, astonishment; (countable) an instance of this.	Fear, terror.	Stupefaction of the mind; bewilderment; (countable) an instance of this.
burglar	noun	A person who breaks in to premises with the intent of committing theft.
burglar	verb	To commit burglary.
pace	noun	A group of donkeys.	A manner of walking, running or dancing; the rate or style of how someone moves with their feet.	A measure of the hardness of a pitch and of the tendency of a cricket ball to maintain its speed after bouncing.	A passage through difficult terrain; a mountain pass or route vulnerable to ambush etc.	A passage, a route.	A step taken with the foot.	A step.	A way of stepping.	An aisle in a church.	Any of various gaits of a horse, specifically a 2-beat, lateral gait.	Easter.	One's journey or route.	Speed or velocity in general.	The distance covered in a step (or sometimes two), either vaguely or according to various specific set measurements.
pace	adj	Describing a bowler who bowls fast balls.
pace	verb	To measure by walking.	To set the speed in a race.	To walk back and forth in a small distance.
pace	prep	With all due respect to.
Japans		
gentle	adj	Docile and easily managed.	Gradual rather than steep or sudden.	Polite and respectful rather than rude.	Soft and mild rather than hard or severe.	Tender and amiable; of a considerate or kindly disposition.	Well-born; of a good family or respectable birth, though not noble.
gentle	verb	To become gentle.	To break; to tame; to domesticate.	To ennoble.	To soothe; to calm; to make gentle.
gentle	noun	A maggot used as bait by anglers.	A person of high birth.	A trained falcon, or falcon-gentil.
invest	verb	To cause to be involved in; to cause to form strong attachments to.	To ceremonially install someone in some office.	To clothe or wrap (with garments).	To commit money or capital in the hope of financial gain.	To envelop, wrap, cover.	To formally give (power or authority).	To formally give (someone) some power or authority.	To inaugurate the Prime Minister of Spain after a successful parliamentary vote.	To lay siege to.	To make investments.	To prepare for lost wax casting by creating an investment mold (a mixture of a silica sand and plaster).	To put on (clothing).	To spend money, time, or energy on something, especially for some benefit or purpose; used with in.	To surround, accompany, or attend.
invest	noun	A designated area of disturbed weather that is being monitored for potential tropical cyclone development.
title	noun	A church to which a priest was ordained, and where he was to reside.	A long title.	A publication.	A section or division of a writing, as of an act of law or a book.	A short title.	A written title, credit, or caption shown with a film, video, or performance.	An appellation given to a person or family to signify either veneration, official position, social rank, the possession of assets or properties, or a professional or academic qualification; a style. (For examples, see :Category:en:Titles.)	In canon law, that by which a beneficiary holds a benefice.	Legal right to ownership of a property; a deed or other certificate proving this.	The name of a film, musical piece, painting, or other work of art.	The name of a writing such as a book, which identifies it and usually describes its subject, with a short phrase that often summarizes its topic.	The panel for the name, between the bands of the back of a book.	The recognition given to the winner of a championship in sports.
title	verb	To assign a title to; to entitle.
Susan	name	A female given name from Hebrew.
Susan	adj	Of or pertaining to the ancient city of Susa.
Susan	noun	A person from the ancient city of Susa.
shift	noun	A bit shift.	A breaking off and dislocation of a seam; a fault.	A change of workers, now specifically a set group of workers or period of working time.	A contrivance, a device to try when other methods fail.	A control code or character used to change between different character sets.	A movement to do something, a beginning.	A mutation in which the DNA or RNA from two different sources (such as viruses or bacteria) combine.	A period of time in which one's consciousness resides in another reality, usually achieved through meditation or other means.	A share, a portion assigned on division.	A simple straight-hanging, loose-fitting dress.	A trick, an artifice.	A type of women's undergarment of dress length worn under dresses or skirts, a slip or chemise.	Alternative spelling of Shift (“a modifier button of computer keyboards”).	An act of shifting; a slight movement or change.	An infield shift.	An instance of the use of such a code or character.	In violin-playing, any position of the left hand except that nearest the nut.	The act of kissing passionately.	The extent, or arrangement, of the overlapping of plank, brick, stones, etc., that are placed in courses so as to break joints.	The gear mechanism in a motor vehicle.	be done; ruined
shift	verb	In violin-playing, to move the left hand from its original position next to the nut.	To change (clothes, especially underwear); to change the clothes of.	To change (someone's) clothes; sometimes specifically, to change underwear.	To change gears (in an automobile).	To change in form or character; switch.	To change position; to move.	To change residence; to leave and live elsewhere.	To crouch in game, especially if the shift key is pressed to initiate crouching.	To dispose of, remove.	To engage in sexual petting with.	To hurry; to move quickly.	To manipulate a binary number by moving all of its digits left or right; compare rotate.	To move from one place to another; to redistribute.	To move the keys of a typewriter over in order to type capital letters or special characters.	To practice indirect or evasive methods; to contrive.	To remove (the first value from an array).	To resort to expedients for accomplishing a purpose; to cope, get by, manage, make do.	To steal or kidnap.	To switch to a character entry mode for capital letters or special characters.	To use meditation or other means to change the reality that one's consciousness resides in.
spoon	noun	A South African shrub of the genus Spatalla.	A measure that will fit into a spoon; a spoonful.	A metaphoric unit of finite physical and mental energy available for daily activities, especially in the context of living with chronic illness or disability.	A safety handle on a hand grenade, a trigger.	A simpleton, a spoony.	A spoon excavator.	A type of metal lure resembling the concave head of a tablespoon.	A wooden-headed golf club with moderate loft, similar to the modern fairway wood.	An implement for eating or serving; a scooped utensil whose long handle is straight, in contrast to a ladle.	An implement for stirring food while being prepared; a wooden spoon.	An oar.
spoon	verb	Alternative form of spoom.	To catch by fishing with a concave spoon bait.	To fish with a concave spoon bait.	To flirt; to make advances; to court, to interact romantically or amorously.	To hit (the ball) weakly, pushing it with a lifting motion, instead of striking with an audible knock.	To lie nestled front-to-back, following the contours of the bodies, in a manner reminiscent of stacked spoons.	To serve using a spoon; to transfer (something) with a spoon.
personally	adv	As a person.	Concerning oneself.	In a personal manner.	In person.
poker	noun	A kind of duck, the pochard.	A knife.	A metal rod, generally of wrought iron, for adjusting the burning logs or coals in a fire; a firestick.	A tool like a soldering iron for making poker drawings.	All the four cards of the same rank.	Any imagined frightful object, especially one supposed to haunt the darkness; a bugbear.	Any of various card games in which, following each of one or more rounds of dealing or revealing cards, the players in sequence make tactical bets or drop out, the bets forming a pool to be taken either by the sole remaining player or, after all rounds and bets have been completed, by those remaining players who hold a superior hand according to a standard ranking of hand values for the game.	One who pokes.	[a player's] scoring four goals in one match
poker	verb	To play poker.	To poke with a utensil such as a poker or needle.
tattoo	noun	A method of decorating a body part, usually the skin, by inserting colored substances under the surface with a sharp instrument (usually a solenoid-driven needle).	A military display or pageant.	A pony of a certain breed from India.	A signal by drum or bugle ordering soldiers to return to their quarters.	A signal played five minutes before taps (lights out).	An image made on a body part, usually the skin with ink and a needle.
tattoo	verb	To apply a tattoo to (someone or something).	To hit the ball hard, as if to figuratively leave a tattoo on the ball.	To tap rhythmically on, to drum.
regardless	adv	Without attention to warnings or indications of bad consequences.
regardless	adj	Paying no attention to; ignoring.	Taking insufficient regard of; heedless; careless.
regardless	prep	Synonym of regardless of; paying no attention to.
unfair	adj	not beautiful; uncomely; unattractive	not fair, unjust	sorrowful; sad	unseemly; disgraceful
unfair	verb	to make ugly
device	noun	A motto, emblem, or other mark used to distinguish the bearer from others. A device differs from a badge or cognizance primarily as it is a personal distinction, and not a badge borne by members of the same house successively.	A peripheral device; an item of hardware.	A project or scheme, often designed to deceive; a stratagem; an artifice.	A spectacle or show.	A technique that an author or speaker uses to evoke an emotional response in the audience; a rhetorical device.	An image or logo denoting official or proprietary authority or provenience.	An image used in whole or in part as a trademark or service mark.	An improvised explosive device, home-made bomb	Any piece of equipment made for a particular purpose, especially a mechanical or electrical one.	Any specific class of wordplay element in a cryptic crossword.	Opinion; decision.	Power of devising; invention; contrivance.
breast	noun	A choice cut of poultry, especially chicken or turkey, taken from the bird’s breast; also a cut of meat from other animals, breast of mutton, veal, pork.	A section of clothing covering the breast area.	Either of the two organs on the front of a female human's chest, which contain the mammary glands; also the analogous organs in males.	The breaststroke.	The chest, or front of the human thorax.	The face of a coal working.	The figurative seat of the emotions, feelings etc.; one’s heart or innermost thoughts.	The front of a furnace.	The front or forward part of anything.	The power of singing; a musical voice.	The upper surface of a landform or body of water.	The ventral portion of an animal’s thorax.
breast	verb	To debreast.	To push against with the breast; to meet full on, oppose, face.	To reach the top of (a hill or other prominence).
Kobe	name	A male given name.	The capital and largest city of Hyōgo Prefecture, Japan.
Kobe	intj	Exclaimed, while throwing something at a target, as a prediction or acknowledgement of accuracy.
satisfactory	adj	Causing satisfaction; agreeable or pleasant; satisfying.	Done to satisfaction; adequate or sufficient.	Making atonement for a sin; expiatory.
satisfactory	noun	Somebody or something that meets requirements without exceeding them.	The rating given to somebody or something that meets requirements without exceeding them.
conflict	noun	A clash or disagreement, often violent, between two or more opposing groups or individuals.	An incompatibility, as of two things that cannot be simultaneously fulfilled.
conflict	verb	To be at odds (with); to disagree or be incompatible	To overlap (with), as in a schedule.
blush	noun	A color between pink and cream.	A feeling or appearance of optimism.	A glow; a flush of colour, especially pink or red.	A pale pink wine made by removing the dark grape skins at the required point during fermentation.	A sort of makeup, frequently a powder, used to redden the cheeks.	An act of blushing; a pink or red glow on the face caused by embarrassment, shame, shyness, love, etc.	The collective noun for a group of boys.
blush	verb	Of dope or varnish: to develop an undesirable white precipitate on the surface, due to being applied in humid conditions.	To be shy, ashamed, or embarrassed (to do something).	To become red or pink in the face (and sometimes experience an associated feeling of warmth), especially due to shyness, love, shame, excitement, or embarrassment.	To become red or pink.	To change skin color in the face (to a particular shade).	To express or make known by blushing.	To glance with the eye, cast a glance.	To have a warm and delicate colour, like some roses and other flowers.	To suffuse with a blush; to redden; to pinken; to make rosy.
payment	noun	An instance of that act; a sum of money paid in exchange for goods or services, or the transaction that conveys it.	The act of paying.
working	noun	A place where work is carried on.	A train movement.	Becoming full of a vegetable substance.	Fermentation.	Method of operation.	Operation; action.	The incidental or subsidiary calculations performed in solving an overall problem.
working	verb	present participle and gerund of work
working	adj	Efficacious.	Enough to allow one to use something.	In paid employment.	Of or relating to employment.	That is or are functioning.	That suffices but requires additional work; provisional.	Used in real life; practical.
background	adj	Less important or less noticeable in a scene or system.
background	noun	A less important feature of scenery (as opposed to foreground).	A part of the picture that depicts scenery to the rear or behind the main subject; context.	A type of activity on a computer that is not normally visible to the user.	An extra who appears in the background, with no speaking role.	Ellipsis of background radiation.	Information relevant to the current situation about past events; history.	One's social heritage, or previous life; what one did in the past.	The image or color over which a computer's desktop items are shown (e.g. icons or application windows).
background	verb	To gather and provide background information (on).	To increase the weight and immunity of (a calf) by feeding with forage and grains, as an intermediate stage in cattle production, between weaning and placement in a feedlot.	To place in the background.	To put in a position that is not prominent.	simple past and past participle of backgrind
athlete	noun	A participant in any of a group of sporting activities including track and field, road running, cross country running and racewalking.	A person who actively participates in physical sports, especially with great skill; a sportsperson.	An exceptionally physically fit person.
sour	adj	Containing excess sulfur. (of petroleum)	Excessively acidic and thus infertile. (of soil)	Hostile or unfriendly.	Made rancid by fermentation, etc.	Off-pitch, out of tune.	Tasting of acidity.	Tasting or smelling rancid.	Unfortunate or unfavorable.
sour	noun	A drink made with whiskey, lemon or lime juice and sugar.	A sour or acid substance; whatever produces a painful effect.	A sweet/candy having a sharply sour taste.	Any cocktail containing lemon or lime juice.	The acidic solution used in souring fabric.	The sensation of a sour taste.
sour	verb	To become disenchanted.	To become sour.	To macerate (lime) and render it fit for plaster or mortar.	To make (soil) cold and unproductive.	To make sour.	To process (fabric) after bleaching, using hydrochloric acid or sulphuric acid to wash out the lime.	To spoil or mar; to make disenchanted.
grief	noun	A cause or instance of sorrow or pain; that which afflicts or distresses; a trial.	Emotional pain, generally arising from misfortune, significant personal loss, bereavement, misconduct of oneself or others, etc.; sorrow; sadness.	Suffering, hardship.
grief	verb	To deliberately harass and annoy or cause grief to other players of a game in order to interfere with their enjoyment of it; especially, to do this as one’s primary activity in the game, and especially by exploiting game mechanics without using cheats to do so, often through acts of destruction or vandalism.
lung	noun	A biological organ of vertebrates that controls breathing and oxygenates the blood.	Capacity for exercise or exertion; breath.	That which supplies oxygen or fresh air, such as trees, parklands, forest, etc., to a place.
crowded	adj	Containing a dense pack or mass of something; teeming.
crowded	verb	simple past and past participle of crowd
charity	noun	A free throw.	An organization, the objective of which is to carry out a charitable purpose.	Benevolence to others less fortunate than ourselves; the providing of goods or money to those in need.	Christian love; representing God's love of man, man's love of God, or man's love of his fellow-men.	In general, an attitude of kindness and understanding towards others, now especially suggesting generosity.	The goods or money given to those in need.
dull	adj	Bored, depressed, down.	Boring; not exciting or interesting.	Cloudy, overcast.	Heavy; lifeless; inert.	Insensible; unfeeling.	Lacking the ability to cut easily; not sharp.	Not bright or intelligent; stupid; having slow understanding.	Not clear, muffled. (of a noise or sound)	Not intense; felt indistinctly or only slightly.	Not shiny; having a matte finish or no particular luster or brightness.	Sluggish, listless.
dull	verb	To lose a sharp edge; to become dull.	To render dim or obscure; to sully; to tarnish.	To render dull; to remove or blunt an edge or something that was sharp.	To soften, moderate or blunt; to make dull, stupid, or sluggish; to stupefy.
bush	noun	A mechanical attachment, usually a metallic socket with a screw thread, such as the mechanism by which a camera is attached to a tripod stand.	A person's pubic hair, especially a woman's.	A piece of copper, screwed into a gun, through which the venthole is bored.	A shrub cut off, or a shrublike branch of a tree.	A shrub or branch, properly, a branch of ivy (sacred to Bacchus), hung out at vintners' doors, or as a tavern sign; hence, a tavern sign, and symbolically, the tavern itself.	A tavern or wine merchant.	A thick washer or hollow cylinder of metal.	A wood lot or bluff on a farm.	A woody plant distinguished from a tree by its multiple stems and lower height, being usually less than six metres tall; a horticultural rather than strictly botanical category.	Amateurish behavior, short for bush league behavior	An area of New Zealand covered in forest, especially native forest.	The countryside area of Australia that is less arid and less remote than the outback; loosely, areas of natural flora even within conurbations.	The tail, or brush, of a fox.	The wild forested areas of Canada; upcountry.	Tracts of land covered in natural vegetation that are largely undeveloped and uncultivated.
bush	verb	To become bushy (often used with up).	To branch thickly in the manner of a bush.	To furnish with a bush or lining; to line.	To set bushes for; to support with bushes.	To use a bush harrow on (land), for covering seeds sown; to harrow with a bush.
bush	adv	Towards the direction of the outback.
bush	adj	Not skilled; not professional; not major league.
sir	noun	A man of a higher rank or position.	A respectful term of address to a man of higher rank or position	A respectful term of address to a man of higher rank or position, particularly	A respectful term of address to an adult male (often older), especially if his name or proper title is unknown.	to a knight or other low member of the peerage.	to a superior military officer.	to a teacher.
sir	verb	To address another individual using "sir".
peanut	noun	A legume resembling a nut, the fruit of the plant Arachis hypogaea, native to South America.	See peanuts (“very small amount”).	Synonym of countneck (“very small hard clam”).
peanut	verb	To pull on somebody's tie as a prank, causing the knot to tighten.
global	adj	Concerning all parts of the world.	Of a variable, accessible by all parts of a program.	Of or relating to a globe or sphere.	Pertaining to the whole of something; total, universal	Pertaining to the whole of something; total, universal:	Spherical, ball-shaped.	Which has to be considered in its entirety.
global	noun	A globally scoped identifier.
global	adv	In the global manner; world-wide.
unconscious	adj	Not awake; having no awareness (usually as the result of a head injury).	Without directed thought or awareness.	engaged in skilled performance without conscious control.
unconscious	noun	That part of mind that is not consciously perceived.
significant	adj	Having a covert or hidden meaning.	Having a low probability of occurring by chance (for example, having high correlation and thus likely to be related).	Having a noticeable or major effect.	Of a digit or figure, see significant figure.	Reasonably large in number or amount.	Signifying something; carrying meaning.
significant	noun	That which has significance; a sign; a token; a symbol.
temptation	noun	Pressure applied to one's thinking designed to create wrong emotions which will eventually lead to wrong actions.	Something attractive, tempting or seductive; an inducement, seducement, or enticement.	The act of tempting.	The condition of being tempted.
naive	adj	Intuitive; designed to follow the way ordinary people approach a problem.	Lacking worldly experience, wisdom, or judgement; unsophisticated.	Not having been exposed to something.	Produced in a simple, childlike style, deliberately rejecting sophisticated techniques.
naive	noun	A naive person; a greenhorn.
-		
embassy	noun	A temporary mission representing a sovereign state.	A written account as to an embassy.	An organization or group of officials who permanently represent a sovereign state in a second sovereign state or with respect to an international organization such as the United Nations.	The function or duty of an ambassador.	The official residence of such a group, or of an ambassador.
Prime	name	A surname.
Muslim	noun	A person who is a follower and believer of Islam.
Muslim	adj	Being or relating to a believer of Islam.
Muslim	name	A barangay of Guindulungan, Maguindanao del Sur, Philippines.
deed	noun	A brave or noteworthy action; a feat or exploit.	A legal instrument that is executed under seal or before a witness; sometimes required for certain legal activities, such as the transfer of certain kinds of property.	Action or fact, as opposed to rhetoric or deliberation.	An action or act; something that is done.	The legal title to real estate; ownership.
deed	verb	To transfer real property by deed.
solid	adj	Continuous; unbroken; not dotted or dashed.	Excellent, of high quality, or reliable.	Financially well off; wealthy.	Having all the geometrical dimensions; cubic.	Hearty; filling.	Lacking holes, hollows or admixtures of other materials.	Large in size, quantity, or value.	Measured as a single solid, as the volumes of individual pieces added together without any gaps.	Not having the lines separated by leads; not open.	Of a single color throughout.	Sound; not weak.	Strong or unyielding.	That can be picked up or held, having a texture, and usually firm. Unlike a liquid, gas or plasma.	United; without division; unanimous.	Worthy of credit, trust, or esteem; substantial; not frivolous or fallacious.	Written as one word, without spaces or hyphens.
solid	adv	Solidly.	Without spaces or hyphens.
solid	noun	A favor.	A substance in the fundamental state of matter that retains its size and shape without need of a container (as opposed to a liquid or gas).	A three-dimensional figure (as opposed to a surface, an area, or a curve).	An article of clothing which is of a single color throughout.	Food which is not liquid-based.
haircut	noun	A partial loss, financially: thus, in a bankruptcy proceeding, the proportional reduction in the debt that will be paid to each creditor (based on an evaluation of the total debt owed and the total assets of the debtor); among investors, the negative return on investment from a losing proposition.	The act of cutting of the hair, often done professionally by a barber, hair stylist, or beautician.	The difference between the value of a loan and the value of its collateral.	The style into which the hair is cut.
haircut	verb	To reduce the value assigned to an asset.
variety	noun	A collection or number of different things.	A deviation or difference.	A rank in a taxonomic classification below species and (if present) subspecies, and above form; hence, an organism of that rank.	A specific form of a language, neutral to whether that form is an accent, dialect, register, etc., and to its prestige level; an isolect or lect.	A specific variation of something.	A stamp, or set of stamps, which has one or more characteristics (such as colour, paper, etc.) differing from other stamps in the same issue, especially if such differences are intentionally introduced.	An animal or plant (or a group of such animals or plants) with characteristics causing it to differ from other animals or plants of the same species; a strain or cultivar.	Ellipsis of algebraic variety (“the set of solutions of a given system of polynomial equations over the real or complex numbers; any of certain generalisations of such a set that preserves the geometric intuition implicit in the original definition”).	Ellipsis of variety performance or variety show (“a type of entertainment featuring a succession of short, unrelated performances by various artistes such as (depending on the medium) acrobats, comedians, dancers, magicians, singers, etc.”).	In universal algebra: an equational class; the class of all algebraic structures of a given signature, satisfying a given set of identities.	The kind of entertainment given in variety performances or shows; also, the production of, or performance in, variety performances or shows.	The quality of being varied; diversity.	The total number of distinct states of a system; also, the logarithm to the base 2 of the total number of distinct states of a system.
surprising	verb	present participle and gerund of surprise
surprising	adj	Causing surprise.
surprising	noun	A situation in which somebody is surprised.
beef	noun	A bovine (cow or bull) being raised for its meat.	A grudge; dislike (of something or someone); lack of faith or trust (in something or someone); a reason for a dislike or grudge. (often + with)	Bovine animals.	Essence, content; the important part of a document or project.	Fibrous calcite or limestone, especially when occurring in a jagged layer between shales in Dorset.	Muscle or musculature; size, strength or potency.	The edible portions of a cow (including those which are not meat).	The meat from cattle or other bovines.
beef	verb	To add weight or strength to.	To complain.	To cry.	To fail or mess up.	To fart; break wind.	To feud or hold a grudge against.	To sing or speak loudly; to cry out.
beef	adj	Beefy; powerful; robust.	Being a bovine animal that is being raised for its meat.	Consisting of or containing beef as an ingredient.	Producing or known for raising lots of beef.
expand	verb	In a hierarchical list (such as a directory tree or table of contents), to show the subentries of (an entry).	To become, by rewriting, a longer, yet equivalent, sum of terms.	To change (something) from a smaller form or size to a larger one; to spread out or lay open.	To change or grow from smaller to larger in form, number, or size.	To express (something) at length and/or in detail.	To feel generous or optimistic.	To increase in extent, number, volume or scope.	To increase the extent, number, volume or scope of (something).	To multiply both the numerator and the denominator of a fraction by the same (non-zero) number (which yields a fraction of equal value).	To rewrite (an expression) as a longer, yet equivalent, sum of terms.	To speak or write at length or in detail.
fifth	adj	The ordinal form of the number five.
fifth	noun	A quantity of liquor equal to one-fifth of an American gallon, or, more commonly, 750 milliliters (that is, three quarters of a liter).	One of five equal parts of a whole: one-fifth.	The fifth gear of a transmission.	The fifth voice in a polyphonic melody.	The musical interval between one note and another five scale degrees higher (the fifth note in a scale)	The person or thing in the fifth position.
fifth	verb	To divide by five.	To sing in the fifth voice in a polyphonic melody.	To support something fifth, after four others have already done so.
valley	noun	An area which drains itself into a river.	An elongated depression cast between hills or mountains, often with a river flowing through it.	Any structure resembling one, e.g. the interior angle formed by the intersection of two sloping roof planes.
valley	verb	To form the shape of a valley.
basis	noun	A collection of subsets ("basis elements") of a set, such that this collection covers the set, and for any two basis elements which both contain an element of the set, there is a third basis element contained in the intersection of the first two, which also contains that element.	A physical base or foundation.	A regular frequency.	A starting point, base or foundation for an argument or hypothesis.	Amount paid for an investment, including commissions and other expenses.	An underlying condition or circumstance.	In a vector space, a linearly independent set of vectors spanning the whole vector space.	The difference between the cash price a dealer pays to a farmer for his produce and an agreed reference price, which is usually the futures price at which the given crop is trading at a commodity exchange.
opponent	noun	One who is opposed or objects (to a policy, course of action or set of ideas).	One who opposes another in words (in a dispute, argument or controversy).	One who opposes another physically (in a fight, sport, game, or competition).	One who opposes another; one who works or takes a position against someone or something; one who attempts to stop the progress of someone or something.	The participant who opens an academic debate by putting forward objections to a theological or philosophical thesis.
opponent	adj	Opposing; adverse; antagonistic.	Situated in front; opposite.
frame	verb	Conspire to falsely incriminate an innocent person.	Of a constructed object such as a building, to put together the structural elements.	Of a picture such as a painting or photograph, to place inside a decorative border.	To bring or put into form or order; adjust the parts or elements of; compose; contrive; plan; devise.	To cause; to bring about; to produce.	To construct by fitting together or uniting various parts; fabricate by union of constituent parts.	To construct in words so as to establish a context for understanding or interpretation.	To execute; perform.	To fit, as for a specific end or purpose; make suitable or comfortable; adapt; adjust.	To fit; accord.	To hit (the ball) with the frame of the racquet rather than the strings (normally a mishit).	To move.	To position visually within a fixed boundary.	To proceed; to go.	To profit; avail.	To strengthen; refresh; support.	To succeed in doing or trying to do something; manage.	To wash ore with the aid of a frame.
frame	noun	A complete game of snooker, from break-off until all the balls (or as many as necessary to win) have been potted.	A complete lattice in which meets distribute over arbitrary joins.	A context for understanding or interpretation.	A division of time on a multimedia timeline, such as 1/30 or 1/60 of a second.	A form of knowledge representation in artificial intelligence.	A human body or the structure thereof; the size, shape, sturdiness etc. of a person's body as described in a certain way; one's build.	A movable structure used for the cultivation or the sheltering of plants.	A piece of photographic film containing an image.	A rigid, generally rectangular mounting for paper, canvas or other flexible material.	A set of balls whose results are added together for scoring purposes. Usually two balls, but only one ball in the case of a strike, and three balls in the case of a strike or a spare in the last frame of a game.	A stage or location in a video game.	A way of dividing nucleotide sequences into a set of consecutive triplets.	An independent chunk of data sent over a network.	An individually scrollable region of a webpage.	An inning.	Any of certain machines built upon or within framework.	Anything composed of parts fitted and united together; a fabric; a structure.	Contrivance; the act of devising or scheming.	Frame of mind; disposition.	The complete set of pins to be knocked down in their starting configuration.	The outer circle of a cancellation mark.	The outer decorated portion of a stamp's image, often repeated on several issues although the inner picture may change.	The structural elements of a building or other constructed object.
cabinet	noun	A cabinet-level agency in the executive branch; that is, an agency headed by a member of the governor's cabinet.	A collection of art or ethnographic objects.	A cupboard.	A group of advisors to a government or business entity.	A hut; a cottage; a small house.	A size of photograph, specifically one measuring 3⅞" by 5½".	A small chamber or private room.	A source of valuable things; a storehouse.	A storage closet either separate from, or built into, a wall.	An enclosure for mechanical or electrical equipment.	In parliamentary and some other systems of government, the group of ministers responsible for creating government policy and for overseeing the departments comprising the executive branch.	Milkshake.	The upright assembly that houses a coin-operated arcade game, a cab.
disappointment	noun	An example or the act of disappointing: a circumstance in which a positive expectation is not achieved.	Something or someone that disappoints: that which causes disappointment.	The feeling or state of being disappointed: a feeling of sadness or frustration when something is not as good as one hoped or expected, or when something bad unexpectedly happens.
pigeon	noun	A pacifist, appeaser, an isolationist, a dove.	A person hired to transport film footage out of a region where transport options are limited.	A person who is a target or victim of a confidence game.	A weak or useless person.	Concern or responsibility.	One of several birds of the family Columbidae within the order Columbiformes.	The meat from this bird.
pigeon	verb	To deceive with a confidence game.
slap	noun	A blow, especially one given with the open hand, or with something broad and flat.	A sharp percussive sound like that produced by such a blow.	An eye-catching sticker used in street art.	Makeup; cosmetics.	The percussive sound produced in slap bass playing.
slap	verb	To be excellent, especially when relating to music.	To cause something to strike soundly.	To give a slap to.	To impose a penalty, etc. on (someone).	To place, to put carelessly.	To play slap bass on (an instrument).	To strike soundly against something.
slap	adv	Exactly, precisely
slap	adj	Very good, excellent, amazing.
immigrant	noun	A non-native person who comes to a country from another country to permanently settle there.	A plant or animal that establishes itself in an area where it previously did not exist.
immigrant	adj	Of or relating to immigrants or the act of immigrating.
heel	noun	A contemptible, unscrupulous, inconsiderate, or thoughtless person.	A crust end-piece of a loaf of bread.	A cyma reversa.	A headlining wrestler regarded as a "bad guy," whose ring persona embodies villainous or reprehensible traits and demonstrates characteristics of a braggart and a bully.	A high-heeled shoe.	Anything resembling a human heel in shape; a protuberance; a knob.	The act of inclining or canting from a vertical position; a cant.	The back, upper part of the stock.	The base of a bun sliced in half lengthwise.	The cards set aside for later use in a patience or solitaire game.	The junction between the keel and the stempost of a vessel; an angular wooden join connecting the two.	The last or lowest part of anything.	The lower end of a timber in a frame, as a post or rafter.	The lower end of the bit (cutting edge) of an axehead, as opposed to the toe (upper end).	The obtuse angle of the lower end of a rafter set sloping.	The part of a carding machine's flat nearest the cylinder.	The part of a club head's face nearest the shaft.	The part of a shoe's sole which supports the foot's heel.	The part of the palm of a hand closest to the wrist.	The rear part of a sock or similar covering for the foot.	The rear part of the foot, where it joins the leg.	The short side of an angled cut.	The thickening of the neck of a stringed instrument where it attaches to the body.
heel	verb	Alternative form of hele (“cover; conceal”).	At Yale University, to work as a heeler or student journalist.	To add a heel to, or increase the size of the heel of (a shoe or boot).	To arm with a gaff, as a cock for fighting.	To cause to follow at somebody’s heels (transitive).	To follow at somebody's heels; to chase closely.	To hit (the ball) with the heel of the club.	To incline to one side; to tilt.	To kick with the heel.	To make (a fair catch) standing with one foot forward, the heel on the ground and the toe up.	To perform by the use of the heels, as in dancing, running, etc.
Lucy	name	A commune in Moselle department, Grand Est, France.	A commune in Seine-Maritime department, Normandy, France.	A female given name from Latin.	A place name:	A surname from Old French derived from place names in Normandy based on a male personal name, from Latin Lucius.	A village in Montmort-Lucy commune, Marne department, Grand Est, France.	An unincorporated community in Houston County, Alabama, United States.	The drug LSD.	The fossilized partial skeleton of a female Australopithecus afarensis, an early hominin; also, the individual whose skeleton this was.
cage	noun	A prison or prison cell.	A regular graph that has as few vertices as possible for its girth.	A skeleton frame to limit the motion of a loose piece, such as a ball valve.	A wirework strainer, used in connection with pumps and pipes.	An automobile.	An enclosure made of bars, normally to hold animals.	An outer framework of timber, enclosing something within it.	In killer sudoku puzzles, an irregularly-shaped group of cells that must contain a set of unique digits adding up to a certain total, in addition to the usual constraints of sudoku.	Something that hinders freedom.	The area from which competitors throw a discus or hammer.	The drum on which the rope is wound in a hoisting whim.	The goal.	The passenger compartment of a lift.	The protective wire mask at the front of a helmet.
cage	verb	To confine in a cage; to put into and keep in a cage.	To immobilize an artificial horizon.	To imprison.	To restrict someone's movement or creativity.	To track individual responses to direct mail, either (advertising) to maintain and develop mailing lists or (politics) to identify people who are not eligible to vote because they do not reside at the registered addresses.
incredibly	adv	In an incredible manner; not to be believed.	To a great extent; extremely.	Used to note the surprising or hard-to-believe nature of what is being said and suggest that it is nevertheless true.
shortly	adv	In a short or brief time or manner; quickly.	In an irritable ("short") manner.	In few words.	In or after a short time; soon.
murderer	noun	A person who commits murder.
golden	adj	Advantageous or very favourable.	Fine, without problems.	Having a color or other richness suggestive of gold.	Made of, or relating to, gold.	Marked by prosperity, creativity etc.	Of a beverage, flavoured or colored with turmeric.	Relating to a fiftieth anniversary.	Relating to the elderly or retired.
golden	noun	Ellipsis of golden retriever.	Kyphosus vaigiensis, a fish found in southeast Asia.
golden	verb	To become gold or golden (in color).	To make golden or like gold.
deposit	noun	A place of deposit; a depository.	A sum of money given as a security for a borrowed item, which will be given back when the item is returned, e.g. a bottle deposit or can deposit	A sum of money or other asset given as an initial payment, to show good faith, or to reserve something for purchase.	Anything left behind on a surface.	Bailment of personal property to be kept gratuitously for the bailor (depositor) and without any benefit to the bailee (depositary), e.g. for storage, carriage, repair, etc.	Money placed in a bank account, as for safekeeping or to earn interest.	Sediment or rock that is not native to its present location or is different from the surrounding material. Sometimes refers to ore or gems.
deposit	verb	To entrust one's assets to the care of another. Sometimes done as collateral.	To lay aside; to rid oneself of.	To lay down; to place; to put.	To lay up or away for safekeeping; to put up; to store.	To put money or funds into an account.
muscle	noun	A contractile form of tissue which animals use to effect movement.	A well-developed physique, in which the muscles are enlarged from exercise.	An organ composed of muscle tissue.	Hired strongmen or bodyguards.	Strength, force.
muscle	verb	To move forcefully or with great strength.	To use force to make progress, especially physical force.
salesman	noun	A man whose job it is to sell things, either in a shop / store or elsewhere.
found	verb	To begin building.	To form by melting a metal and pouring it into a mould; to cast.	To melt, especially of metal or glass in an industrial setting.	To start (an institution or organization).	To use as a foundation; to base.	simple past and past participle of find
found	noun	A thin, single-cut file for comb-makers.	Food and lodging; board.	The period of time when a furnace is at its hottest; the interval in which the furnace is meant to fully melt glass.
pepper	noun	A beating; a thrashing.	A fruit of the capsicum plant: red, green, yellow or white, hollow and containing seeds, and in a wide range of mild (sweet, nonspicy) to hot (spicy) varieties.	A game used by baseball players to warm up where fielders standing close to a batter rapidly return the batted ball to be hit again	A plant of the family Piperaceae.	A randomly-generated value that is added to another value (such as a password) prior to hashing. Unlike a salt, a new one is generated for each value and it is held separately from the value.	A shotgun.	A spice prepared from the fermented, dried, unripe berries of this plant.
pepper	verb	To add (something) at frequent intervals.	To add pepper to.	To beat or thrash.	To cover with lots of (something made up of small things).	To shoot (upon) with the dotty.	To strike with something made up of small particles.	To use a pepper (type of value used prior to hashing).	To write accents or disambiguating marks in script.
media	noun	A voiced stop consonant.	An ant specialized as a forager in a leaf-cutter ant colony.	Files and data comprising material viewable by humans, but usually not plain text; audiovisual material.	Means and institutions for publishing and broadcasting information.	One of the major veins of the insect wing, between the radius and the cubitus.	Synonym of cuarto: a half-fanega, a traditional Spanish unit of dry measure equivalent to about 27.8 L	The journalists and other professionals who comprise the mass communication industry.	The middle layer of the wall of a blood vessel or lymph vessel which is composed of connective and muscular tissue.	The totality of content items (television shows, films, books, photographs, etc.) which are broadcast or published.	plural of medium (only in certain senses)	plural of medium (“someone who supposedly conveys information from the spirit world”)
media	adj	Clipping of multimedia.
snack	noun	A light meal.	A share; a part or portion.	A very sexy and attractive person.	An item of food eaten between meals.
snack	verb	To bite.	To eat a light meal.	To eat between meals.	To share.	To snatch.
treaty	noun	A formal binding agreement concluded by subjects of international law, namely, states and international organizations; a convention, a pact.	A formal, systematic discourse on some subject; a treatise.	An act of beseeeching or entreating; an entreaty, a plea, a request.	Chiefly in in treaty: discussions or negotiations in order to reach an agreement.	Chiefly in private treaty: an agreement or settlement reached following negotiations; a compact, a contract, a covenant.	The addressing or consideration of a subject; discussion, treatment.	The manner or process of treating someone or something; treatment; also, the manner in which someone or something acts or behaves; behaviour.
treaty	verb	To enter into a treaty.	To get into (a specific situation) through a treaty.
react	verb	To act in response.	To act or perform a second time; to do over again; to reenact.	To act upon each other; to exercise a reciprocal or a reverse effect, as two or more chemical agents; to act in opposition.	To cause chemical agents to react; to cause one chemical agent to react with another.	To post a reaction (icon or emoji indicating how one feels about a posted message).	To return an impulse or impression; to resist the action of another body by an opposite force
react	noun	An emoji used to express a reaction to a post on social media.
sailor	noun	A brick, for example in a course of brickwork, that is laid vertically on its shortest end (smallest face), with its widest face facing the outside of the wall.	A person who sails sailing boats (as opposed to boats powered by other means) as a sport or recreation.	A person who sails; one whose occupation is sailing or navigating ships or other waterborne craft.	A stiff straw hat with a flat, circular brim and a low, flat crown.	Any of various nymphalid butterflies of the genera Neptis, Pseudoneptis and Phaedyma, having white markings on a dark base and commonly flying by gliding.	In particular, a member of the crew of a (civilian or military) vessel, as opposed to a captain, admiral, etc.; a mariner; a common seaman.
40	noun	A bottle containing 40 fluid ounces of malt liquor beer.
gaze	verb	To stare at.	To stare intently or earnestly.
gaze	noun	A fixed look; a look of eagerness, wonder, or admiration; a continued look of attention.	In Lacanian psychoanalysis, the relationship of the subject with the desire to look and awareness that one can be viewed.	The object gazed on.
cd	verb	Abbreviation of could.
distant	adj	Emotionally unresponsive or unwilling to express genuine feelings.	Far off (physically, logically or mentally).	Imported into a cable television system from a different market (and thus possibly incurring a copyright royalty).
Brazilian	noun	A person from Brazil or of Brazilian descent.	Ellipsis of Brazilian wax (“style of pubic hair removal”).
Brazilian	adj	Of, from, or pertaining to Brazil, or the Brazilian people.	Pertaining to full removal of pubic hair.
coal	noun	A black or brownish black rock formed from prehistoric plant remains, composed largely of carbon and burned as a fuel.	A glowing or charred piece of coal, wood, or other solid fuel.	A piece of coal used for burning (this use is less common in American English)	A type of coal, such as bituminous, anthracite, or lignite, and grades and varieties thereof, as a fuel commodity ready to buy and burn.	Bombs emitting black smoke on impact.	Charcoal.	Content of low quality.	Money.
coal	verb	To be converted to charcoal.	To burn to charcoal; to char.	To mark or delineate with charcoal.	To supply with coal.	To take on a supply of coal (usually of steam ships or locomotives).
coal	adj	Black like coal; coal-black.
memorize	verb	To fully learn so as to have entirely available to the memory; to learn by heart, commit to memory.
wouldve		
C	character	The third letter of the English alphabet, called cee and written in the Latin script.
C	num	The ordinal number third, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called cee and written in the Latin script.
C	symbol	A standard size of dry cell battery between A and D.
C	noun	Abbreviation of Conservative.	Abbreviation of center.	Abbreviation of century.	Abbreviation of consonant.	Abbreviation of costa.	An academic grade better than a D and worse than a B.	Canonical Decomposition, followed by Canonical Composition	Cocaine.	Cunt.	One hundred dollars; a c-note.	The first note in the C chromatic and major scales.
C	name	A particular high-level programming language from which many others are derived.	Head of the Secret Intelligence Service (MI6).	Symbol for the company Citigroup Inc on the NYSE
C	prefix	the prefix circum-	the sequence circ or its sound
C	verb	Abbreviation of see.
C	adj	With sugar and evaporated milk added.
translator	noun	A machine that converts inputs into a pattern of holes on a punch card.	A person or thing that expresses an idea or style in a new form or medium.	A person or thing that translates meaning from one language into another, particularly	A person or thing that translates various forms of text.	A program that converts commands from one computer language into another.	A relay station that retransmits incoming television signals after automatically adjusting their frequency to avoid interference.	A thing that converts energy from one form to another.	A used and repaired shoe, boot, or other item of clothing.	Synonym of carrier, a person who transports something, now particularly (Roman Catholicism, rare) holy relics.	Synonym of interpreter, a person or thing that immediately interprets direct speech.	Synonym of repairer, particularly of leather or cloth goods.	Synonym of repeater, a thing that automatically retransmits an incoming message along a telegraph line.	The retinaculum of asclepiads.
click	noun	A brief, sharp, not particularly loud, relatively high-pitched sound produced by the impact of something small and hard against something hard, such as by the operation of a switch, a lock, or a latch.	A detent, pawl, or ratchet, such as that which catches the cogs of a ratchet wheel to prevent backward motion.	A kind of throw.	A knock or blow.	A limb contortion at the joint, part of vogue dancing.	A pawl or similar catch.	A single instance of content on the Internet being accessed.	Alternative spelling of klick (“kilometers; kilometers per hour”).	An ingressive sound made by coarticulating a velar or uvular closure with another closure.	Misspelling of clique.	The act of operating a switch, etc., so that it clicks.	The act of pressing a button on a computer mouse or similar input device, both as a physical act and a reaction in the software.	The act of snapping one's fingers.	The latch of a door.	The sound made by a dolphin.
click	verb	Misspelling of clique.	Of a film, to be successful at the box office.	To achieve success in one's career or a breakthrough, often the first time.	To cause to make a click; to operate (a switch, etc) so that it makes a click.	To emit a click.	To get along well.	To make sense suddenly.	To navigate by clicking a mouse button.	To press and release (a button on a computer mouse).	To select a software item using, usually, but not always, the pressing of a mouse button.	To snap one's fingers.	To snatch.	To take (a photograph) with a camera.	To tick.	To visit (a website).
click	intj	The sound of a click.
folk	noun	A people; a tribe or nation; the inhabitants of a region, especially the native inhabitants.	Ellipsis of folk music.	One’s relatives, especially one’s parents.	People, persons.
folk	adj	Believed or transmitted by the common people; not academically or ideologically correct or rigorous.	Of or pertaining to common people as opposed to ruling classes or elites.	Of or pertaining to the inhabitants of a land, their culture, tradition, or history.	Of or related to local building materials and styles.
sunset	noun	A set termination date.	The changes in color of the sky before and after sunset.	The final period of the life of a person or thing.	The moment each evening when the sun disappears below the western horizon.	The region where the sun sets; the west.
sunset	verb	To phase out.
improvement	noun	A useful addition to, or modification of, a machine, manufacture, or composition.	Increase; growth; progress; advance.	Something which is improved	The act of improving; advancement or growth; a bettering	The act of making profitable use or application of anything, or the state of being profitably employed; practical application, for example of a doctrine, principle, or theory, stated in a discourse.	The state of being improved; betterment; advance	Valuable additions or betterments, for example buildings, clearings, drains, fences, etc., on premises.
critical	adj	Extremely important.	In such a condition.	Inclined to find fault or criticize.	Likely to go out of control if disturbed, that is, opposite of stable.	Needing great discrimination to be correctly classified; easily confused.	Of a patient condition involving unstable vital signs and a prognosis that predicts the condition could worsen; or, a patient condition that requires urgent treatment in an intensive care or critical care medical facility.	Of a temperature that is equal to the temperature of the critical point of a substance, i.e. the temperature above which the substance cannot be liquefied.	Of the point (in temperature, reagent concentration etc.) where a nuclear or chemical reaction becomes self-sustaining.	Pertaining to, or indicating, a crisis or turning point.	Relating to criticism or careful analysis, such as literary or film criticism.
critical	noun	A critical value, factor, etc.	In breakdancing, a kind of airflare move in which the dancer hops from one hand to the other.
acknowledge	verb	To admit the knowledge of; to recognize as a fact or truth; to declare one's belief in	To be grateful of (e.g. a benefit or a favour)	To own as genuine or valid; to assent to (a legal instrument) to give it validity; to avow or admit in legal form.	To own or recognize in a particular quality, character or relationship; to admit the claims or authority of; to give recognition to.	To report (the receipt of a message to its sender).
beginner	noun	An actor who is present on stage in the first moments of a play.	Someone who is just starting at something, or has only recently started.	Someone who sets something in motion.
discourage	verb	To extinguish the courage of; to dishearten; to depress the spirits of; to deprive of confidence; to deject.	To persuade somebody not to do (something).
discourage	noun	Lack of courage
broad	adj	Comprehensive; liberal; enlarged.	Extended, in the sense of diffused; open; clear; full.	Free; unrestrained; unconfined.	General rather than specific.	Gross; coarse; indelicate.	Having a large measure of any thing or quality; unlimited; unrestrained.	Plain; evident.	Strongly regional.	Unsubtle; obvious.	Velarized, i.e. not palatalized.	Wide in extent or scope.
broad	noun	A British gold coin worth 20 shillings, issued by the Commonwealth of England in 1656.	A kind of floodlight.	A lathe tool for turning down the insides and bottoms of cylinders.	A playing card.	A prostitute, a woman of loose morals.	A shallow lake, one of a number of bodies of water in eastern Norfolk and Suffolk.	A woman or girl.
seize	verb	(with of) To cause (an action or matter) to be or remain before (a certain judge or court).	Alternative spelling of seise (“to vest ownership of an estate in land”).	Of chocolate: to change suddenly from a fluid to an undesirably hard and gritty texture.	To bind or lock in position immovably; see also seize up.	To bind, lash or make fast, with several turns of small rope, cord, or small line.	To deliberately take hold of; to grab or capture.	To fasten, fix.	To have a seizure.	To have a sudden and powerful effect upon.	To lay hold in seizure, by hands or claws (+ on or upon).	To submit for consideration to a deliberative body.	To take advantage of (an opportunity or circumstance).	To take possession of (by force, law etc.).
fame	noun	One's reputation.	Something said or reported; gossip, rumour.	The state of being famous or well-known and spoken of, especially for something positive.
fame	verb	to make (someone or something) famous
shelter	noun	A bare-bones above-ground structure meant to provide temporary cover from the elements; usually small and with no door to close.	A place for protection from deadly conditions outside, including military assault; usually partly or fully underground.	A place where a person or animal may find protection from the elements (especially rain, storms, or cold) sometimes as a place to sleep (such as a cave).	A refuge, sanctuary, or (by metonymy) institution that provides temporary housing or a place to sleep for those in need or in danger.	An animal shelter.	Somewhere one can find protection.	That which provides protection or cover.	The state of being protected or shielded.
shelter	verb	To provide cover from damage or harassment; to shield; to protect.	To take cover.
shore	noun	A prop or strut supporting some structure or weight above it.	A sewer.	Land adjoining a non-flowing body of water, such as an ocean, lake or pond.	Land, usually near a port.
shore	verb	Not followed by up: to provide (something) with support.	To arrive at the shore	To offer (someone).	To put ashore.	To threaten or warn (someone).	Usually followed by up: to reinforce (something at risk of failure).	simple past of shear
shore	adv	Pronunciation spelling of sure.
counter	noun	A class of word used along with numbers to count objects and events, typically mass nouns. Although rare and optional in English (e.g. "20 head of cattle"), they are numerous and required in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean.	A hit counter.	A proactive defensive hold or move in reaction to a hold or move by one's opponent.	A reckoner; someone who collects data by counting; an enumerator.	A shop tabletop on which goods are examined, weighed or measured.	A table or board on which money is counted and over which business is transacted	A telltale; a contrivance attached to an engine, printing press, or other machine, for the purpose of counting the revolutions or the pulsations.	A variable, memory location, etc. whose contents are incremented to keep a count.	Alternative form of contra Formerly used to designate any under part which served for contrast to a principal part, but now used as equivalent to countertenor.	An encounter.	An object (now especially a small disc) used in counting or keeping count, or as a marker in games, etc.	Any stone lying closer to the center than any of the opponent's stones.	In a bathroom, a surface, often built into the wall and above a cabinet, which holds the washbasin.	In a kitchen, a surface, often built into the wall and above a cabinet, designed to be used for food preparation.	One who counts.	Something opposite or contrary to something else.	The breast of a horse; that part of a horse between the shoulders and under the neck.	The enclosed or partly closed negative space of a glyph.	The overhanging stern of a vessel above the waterline, below and somewhat forward of the stern proper.	The piece of a shoe or a boot around the heel of the foot (above the heel of the shoe/boot).	The prison attached to a city court; a compter.	counterattack
counter	adv	Contrary, in opposition; in an opposite direction.	In the wrong way; contrary to the right course.
counter	verb	To contradict, oppose.	To encounter.	To return a blow while receiving one, as in boxing.	To take action in response to; to respond.
counter	adj	Contrary or opposing
assist	verb	To be present (at an event, occasion etc.).	To help compensate for what is missing with the help of a medical technique or therapy.	To help.	To make a pass that leads directly towards scoring.	To stand (at a place) or to (an opinion).
assist	noun	A decisive pass made to the goal scorer	A defensive play, allowing a teammate to record a putout.	A helpful action or an act of giving.	The act of helping another player score points or goals
unique	adj	Being the only one of its kind; unequaled, unparalleled or unmatched.	Of a feature, such that only one holder has it.	Of a rare quality, unusual.	Particular, characteristic.
unique	noun	A thing without a like; something unequalled or unparallelled; one of a kind.
jet	noun	A collimated stream, spurt or flow of liquid or gas from a pressurized container, an engine, etc.	A hard, black form of coal, sometimes used in jewellery.	A narrow cone of hadrons and other particles produced by the hadronization of a quark or gluon.	A part of a carburetor that controls the amount of fuel mixed with the air.	A rocket engine.	A spout or nozzle for creating a jet of fluid.	A turbine.	A type of airplane using jet engines rather than propellers.	An engine that propels a vehicle using a stream of fluid as propulsion.	Drift; scope; range, as of an argument.	The colour of jet coal, deep grey.	The sprue of a type, which is broken from it when the type is cold.	an operation that takes a differentiable function f and produces a polynomial, the Taylor polynomial (truncated Taylor series) of f, at each point of its domain.
jet	verb	To adjust the fuel to air ratio of a carburetor; to install or adjust a carburetor jet	To jerk; to jolt; to be shaken.	To leave; depart.	To move (running, walking etc.) rapidly around	To shoot forward or out; to project; to jut out.	To spray out of a container.	To spray with liquid from a container.	To strut; to walk with a lofty or haughty gait; to be insolent; to obtrude.	To travel on a jet aircraft or otherwise by jet propulsion
jet	adj	Propelled by turbine engines.	Very dark black in colour.
screen	noun	A collection of less-valuable vessels that travel with a more valuable one for the latter's protection.	A disguise; concealment.	A dwarf wall or partition carried up to a certain height for separation and protection, as in a church, to separate the aisle from the choir, etc.	A frame supporting a mesh of bars or wires used to classify fragments of stone by size, allowing the passage of fragments whose a diameter is smaller than the distance between the bars or wires.	A large scarf.	A material woven from fine wires intended to block animals or large particles from passing while allowing gasses, liquids and finer particles to pass.	A physical divider intended to block an area from view, or provide shelter from something dangerous.	A room in a cinema.	A stencil upon a framed mesh through which paint is forced onto printed-on material; the frame with the mesh itself.	A technique used to identify genes so as to study gene functions.	An erection of white canvas or wood placed on the boundary opposite a batsman to make the ball more easily visible.	An offensive tactic in which a player stands so as to block a defender from reaching a teammate.	Definitions related to standing in the path of an opposing player	Ellipsis of screen pass.	One of the individual regions of a video game, etc. divided into separate screens.	Searching through a sample for a target; an act of screening, or the method for it.	The informational viewing area of electronic devices, where output is displayed.	The protective netting which protects the audience from flying objects	The viewing surface or area of a movie, or moving picture or slide presentation.	The visualised data or imagery displayed on a computer screen.	Various forms or formats of information display
screen	verb	To determine the source or subject matter of a call before deciding whether to answer the phone.	To examine patients or treat a sample in order to detect a chemical or a disease, or to assess susceptibility to a disease.	To filter by passing through a screen.	To fit with a screen.	To present publicly (on the screen).	To remove information, or censor intellectual material from viewing. To hide the facts.	To search chemical libraries by means of a computational technique in order to identify chemical compounds which would potentially bind to a given biological target such as a protein.	To shelter or conceal.	To stand so as to block a defender from reaching a teammate.
cheerful	adj	Bright and pleasant.	Noticeably happy and optimistic.
runner	noun	A baserunner.	A boat for transporting fish, oysters, etc.	A competitor in a poker tournament.	A leaping food fish (Elagatis pinnulatis) of Florida and the West Indies; the skipjack, shoemaker, or yellowtail.	A long stolon sent out by a plant (such as strawberry), in order to root new plantlets, or a plant that propagates by using such runners.	A long, narrow carpet for a high-traffic area such as a hall or stairs.	A mechanical part intended to guide or aid something else to move (using wheels or sliding).	A part of a cigarette that is burning unevenly.	A part of an apparatus that moves quickly.	A person (from one or the other team) who runs out onto the field during the game to take verbal instructions from the coach to the players. A runner mustn't interfere with play, and may have to wear an identifying shirt to make clear his or her purpose on the field.	A person hired by a gambling establishment to locate potential customers and bring them in.	A person or vessel that runs blockades or engages in smuggling. (Especially used in combination, e.g. gunrunner).	A person who moves, on foot, at a fast pace, especially an athlete.	A player who runs for a batsman who is too injured to run; he is dressed exactly as the injured batsman, and carries a bat.	A quick escape away from a scene.	A restaurant employee responsible for taking food from the kitchens to the tables.	A rope to increase the power of a tackle.	A running gag.	A short sling with a carabiner on either end, used to link the climbing rope to a bolt or other protection such as a nut or friend.	A smooth strip on which a sledge runs.	A speedrunner.	A streamlet.	A strip of fabric used to decorate or protect a table or dressing table.	A tool in which lenses are fastened for polishing.	A trusty (prisoner granted special privileges).	A type of soft-soled shoe originally intended for runners.	Agent noun of run; one who runs.	An assistant.	An automobile; a working or driveable automobile.	An employee of a sports agent who tries to recruit possible player clients for the agent.	An idea or plan that has potential to be adopted or put into operation.	Any entrant, person or animal (especially a horse), for a race or any competition; a candidate for an election.	Anyone sent on an errand or with communications, especially for a bank (or, historically, a foot soldier responsible for carrying messages during war).	In molding, a channel cut in a mold.	In saddlery, a loop of metal through which a rein is passed.	One who runs away; a deserter or escapee.	Part of a mechanism which allows something to be pulled out for maintenance.	Part of a shoe that is stitched to the bottom of the upper so it can be glued to the sole.	Somebody who controls or manages (e.g. a system).	The blade of an ice skate.	The channel or strip on which a drawer is opened and closed.	The curved base of a rocking chair.	The movable piece to which the ribs of an umbrella are attached.	The rotating-stone of a grinding-mill.
lobby	noun	A class or group of interested people who try to influence public officials; collectively, lobbyists.	A confined place for cattle, formed by hedges, trees, or other fencing, near the farmyard.	A margin along either side of the playing field in the sport of kabaddi.	A virtual area where players can chat and find opponents for a game.	A waiting area in front of a bank of elevators.	An apartment or passageway in the fore part of an old-fashioned cabin under the quarter-deck.	An entryway or reception area; vestibule; passageway; corridor.	That part of a hall of legislation not appropriated to the official use of the assembly.	lobscouse
lobby	verb	To attempt to influence (a public official or decision-maker) in favor of a specific opinion or cause.
ambitious	adj	Hard to achieve.	Having or showing ambition; wanting a lot of power, honor, respect, superiority, or other distinction.	Resulting from, characterized by, or indicating, ambition	Very desirous
anxiety	noun	A state of restlessness and agitation, often accompanied by a distressing sense of oppression or tightness in the stomach.	An uneasy or distressing desire (for something). Endeavor (to please).	An unpleasant state of mental uneasiness, nervousness, apprehension and obsession or concern about some uncertain event.	Any anxiety disorder, especially generalized anxiety disorder.
loser	noun	A contemptible or unfashionable person.	A losing proposition, one that is likely to lose or already has lost (such as a losing bet or, analogously, a predictably fruitless task or errand).	A person convicted of a crime, especially more than once.	A person who is frequently unsuccessful in life.	A person who loses; one who fails to win or thrive.	One who or that which loses something, such as extra weight, car keys, etc.	Something of poor quality.
somewhat	adv	To a limited extent or degree; not completely.	Very.
somewhat	pron	Something.
somewhat	noun	A person or thing of importance; a somebody.	More or less; a certain quantity or degree; a part, more or less; something.
educate	verb	To instruct or train.
educate	adj	educated
vision	noun	A perceived potential future event or occurrence.	A person or thing of extraordinary beauty.	A religious or mystical experience of a supernatural appearance.	An ideal or a goal toward which one aspires.	General aspiration; forward-thinkingness.	Pre-recorded film or tape; footage.	Something imaginary one thinks one sees.	Something seen; an object perceived visually.	Something unreal or imaginary; a creation of fancy.	The sense or ability of sight.
vision	verb	To imagine something as if it were to be true.	To present as in a vision.	To provide with a vision.
September	name	A female or male given name transferred from the month name [in turn from English].	The ninth month of the Gregorian calendar, following August and preceding October, containing the southward equinox.
goat	noun	A Pontiac GTO car.	A blocker who is isolated behind the opposing team's blockers, so as to slow down the pack.	A fool, loser, or object of ridicule.	A lecherous man.	A person who is not easily understood by a speech recognition system; contrasted with sheep.	A scapegoat.	Alternative form of gote (“sluice, waterway”).	Alternative letter-case form of GOAT (“greatest of all time”).	Any hoofed mammal of the genus Capra.	The meat of the aforementioned animal.
goat	verb	To allow goats to feed on.	To isolate (an opposing blocker) behind one's own blockers, so as to slow down the pack.	To scapegoat.
impose	verb	Chiefly followed by on or upon.	To affect authoritatively or forcefully; to influence strongly.	To apply, enforce, or establish (something, often regarded as burdensome as a restriction or tax: see sense 1.2.1) with authority.	To encroach or intrude, especially in a manner regarded as unfair or unwarranted; to presume, to take advantage of; also, to be a burden or inconvenience.	To lay (columns or pages of type, or printing plates) arranged in a proper order on the bed of a press or an imposing stone and secure them in a chase in preparation for printing.	To lay or place (one's hands) on someone as a blessing, during rites of confirmation, ordination, etc.	To physically lay or place (something) on another thing; to deposit, to put, to set.	To practise deceit or stealth; to cheat, to deceive, to trick.	To subject to an impost, levy, tax, etc.
impose	noun	An act of placing or putting on something chiefly immaterial, especially something regarded as burdensome as a duty, a task, etc.; an imposition.
estimate	noun	A document (or verbal notification) specifying how much a job is likely to cost.	A rough calculation or assessment of the value, size, or cost of something.	An upper limitation on some positive quantity.
estimate	verb	To calculate roughly, often from imperfect data.	To judge and form an opinion of the value of, from imperfect data.
estimate	adj	estimated
steam	noun	A steam-powered vehicle.	Any exhalation.	Exhaled breath into cold air below the dew point of the exhalation	Fencing without the use of any electric equipment.	Internal energy for progress or motive power.	Pent-up anger.	Pressurized water vapour used for heating, cooking, or to provide mechanical energy.	The act of cooking by steaming.	The hot gaseous form of water, formed when water changes from the liquid phase to the gas phase (at or above its boiling point temperature).	The suspended condensate (cloud) formed by water vapour when it encounters colder air	Travel by means of a steam-powered vehicle.	mist, fog
steam	verb	To be cooked with steam.	To become angry; to fume; to be incensed.	To cook with steam.	To cover with condensed water vapor.	To exhale.	To expose to the action of steam; to apply steam to for softening, dressing, or preparing.	To make angry.	To move with great or excessive purposefulness.	To produce or vent steam.	To raise steam, e.g. in a steam locomotive.	To rise in vapour; to issue, or pass off, as vapour.	To travel by means of steam power.
steam	adj	Old-fashioned; from before the digital age.
investment	noun	A mixture of silica sand and plaster which, by surrounding a wax pattern, creates a negative mold of the form used for casting, among other metals, bronze.	A placement of capital in expectation of deriving income or profit from its use or appreciation.	A vestment.	The act of investing, or state of being invested.	The act of surrounding, blocking up, or besieging by an armed force, or the state of being so surrounded.
Korea	name	A geographic region consisting of two countries in East Asia, commonly known as South Korea and North Korea; formerly a single country.	A peninsula in East Asia, containing the countries of North Korea and South Korea; in full, Korean Peninsula.	North Korea: A country in East Asia, whose territory consists of the northern part of Korea.	South Korea: A country in East Asia, comprising the southern part of the Korean Peninsula.
scenery	noun	Stage backdrops, property and other items on a stage that give the impression of the location of the scene.	View, natural features, landscape.
campaign	noun	A player or team's efforts during a sporting season.	A series of operations undertaken to achieve a set goal.	A series of play sessions using the same player characters, forming a continuous narrative.	An excursion into the countryside.	An open field; a large, open plain without considerable hills; a champaign.	The period during which a blast furnace is continuously in operation.
campaign	verb	Consistently ride in races for a racing season.	To take part in a campaign.
gesture	noun	A motion made with a pointing device, or on a touchscreen, that is recognised by the system as a command.	A motion of the limbs or body, especially one made to emphasize speech.	An act or a remark that serves as a formality or as a sign of attitude.	The manner of carrying the body; position of the body or limbs; posture.
gesture	verb	To accompany or illustrate with gesture or action.	To express (something) by a gesture or gestures.	To express or signal (to someone) by a gesture or gestures (to do something, go somewhere, etc).	To make a gesture or gestures.
scarcely	adv	Certainly not, hardly at all.	Hardly: only just; by a small margin.	Probably not.
horror	noun	A genre of fiction designed to evoke a feeling of fear and suspense.	A nasty or ill-behaved person; a rascal or terror.	An individual work in this genre.	An intense anxiety or a nervous depression; often the horrors.	An intense distressing emotion of fear or repugnance.	Delirium tremens.	Intense dislike or aversion; an abhorrence.	Something horrible; that which excites horror.
impact	noun	A forced impinging.	A significant or strong influence or effect.	The force or energy of a collision of two objects.	The striking of one body against another; collision.
impact	verb	To collide or strike, the act of impinging.	To compress; to compact; to press into something or pack together.	To significantly or strongly influence or affect; to have an impact on.	To stamp or impress onto something.
display	noun	A device, furniture or marketing-oriented bulk packaging for visual presentation for sales promotion.	A piece of work to be presented visually.	A show or spectacle.	An electronic screen that shows graphics or text.	The presentation of information for visual or tactile reception.
display	verb	To discover; to descry.	To extend the front of (a column), bringing it into line, deploy.	To make a display; to act as one making a show or demonstration.	To make conspicuous by using large or prominent type.	To show conspicuously; to exhibit; to demonstrate; to manifest.	To spread out, to unfurl.
vehicle	noun	A conveyance: a spacious device for carrying or transporting substances, objects, people or animals.	A liquid content (e.g., oil) which acts as a binding and drying agent in paint.	A medium for expression of talent or views.	A mode or method of spiritual practice; a yana.	An animal or (rarely) a plant on which a Hindu deity rides or sits.	An entity to achieve an end.	The main excipient (such as an oil or gel) that conveys the active ingredient of a drug.
vehicle	verb	To transport in a vehicle, or as if in a vehicle.	To travel in a vehicle.
lemon	noun	A defective or inadequate item or individual.	A lemon shark (Negaprion brevirostris).	A more or less bright shade of yellow associated with lemon fruits.	A piece of fanfiction involving explicit sex.	A semitropical evergreen tree, Citrus limon, that bears such fruits.	A yellowish citrus fruit.	Favor.	Lemon juice.	The surface of revolution of a circular arc of angle less than 180° rotated about the straight line passing through the arc’s two endpoints.
lemon	adj	Containing or having the flavour/flavor and/or scent of lemons.	Of the pale yellow colour/color of lemons.	Smart; cheeky, vocal.
lemon	verb	To flavour with lemon.
forbidden	adj	Not allowed; specifically disallowed.
forbidden	verb	past participle of forbid
interpret	verb	To analyse or execute (a program) by reading the instructions as they are encountered, rather than compiling in advance.	To apprehend and represent by means of art; to show by illustrative representation	To convey what a user of one language is saying or signing, in real time or shortly after that person has finished communicating, to a user of a different language	To decode the meaning of a topic and then act, whether to continue researching the topic, follow through, act in opposition, or further the understanding through sharing an interpretation.	To explain or tell the meaning of; to translate orally into intelligible or familiar language or terms. applied especially to language, but also to dreams, signs, conduct, mysteries, etc.
trash	noun	A container into which things are discarded.	A dubious assertion, either for appearing untrue or for being excessively boastful.	A fan who is excessively obsessed with their fandom and its fanworks.	Loose-leaf tobacco of a low grade, with much less commercial value than the principal grades.	People of low social status or class. (See, for example, white trash or Eurotrash.)	Something worthless or of poor quality.	Temporary storage on disk for files that the user has deleted, allowing them to be recovered if necessary.	The disused stems, leaves, or vines of a crop, sometimes mixed with weeds, which will either be plowed in as green manure or be removed by raking, grazing, or burning.	Useless physical things to be discarded; rubbish; refuse.
trash	verb	To beat soundly in a game.	To discard.	To free from trash, or worthless matter; hence, to lop; to crop.	To hold back by a trash or leash, as a dog in pursuing game; hence, to retard, encumber, or restrain; to clog; to hinder vexatiously.	To make into a mess.	To treat as trash, or worthless matter; hence, to spurn, humiliate, or disrespect.
shark	noun	A freshwater shark.	A ghost shark, also called a chimaera (any fish in order Chimaeriformes)	A noctuid moth of species Cucullia umbratica.	A paroon shark (Pangasius sanitwongsei).	A person that excels in a particular field.	A person who feigns ineptitude to win money from others.	A relentless and resolute person or group, especially in business.	A roseline shark (Dawkinsia denisonii).	A sleazy and amoral lawyer.	A spiny shark (any extinct fish in the paraphyletic grade †Acanthodii, which is also considered a class.)	A university student who is not a fresher that has engaged in sexual activity with a fresher; usually habitually and with multiple people.	A very good poker or pool player. Compare fish (a bad poker player).	An ambulance chaser.	An iridescent shark (Pangasianodon hypophthalmus).	Any fish in the genus Balantiocheilos.	Any fish in the genus Epalzeorhynchos.	Any scaleless, predatory fish of the superorder Selachimorpha, with a cartilaginous skeleton and 5 to 7 gill slits on each side of its head.	Flesh of this animal, consumed as food.	Someone who exploits others, for example by trickery, lies, usury, extortion.	Various other fishes that resemble true sharks in appearance and/or behaviour:
shark	verb	Of a university student who is not a fresher: to engage in sexual activity with a fresher, or to be at a bar or club with the general intention of engaging in such activity.	To fish for sharks.	To live by shifts and stratagems.	To pick or gather indiscriminately or covertly.	To play the petty thief; to practice fraud or trickery; to swindle.	To steal or obtain through fraud.
sunglasses	noun	A person wearing sunglasses	Tinted glasses worn to protect the eyes from the sun or other bright light. May also be worn as a fashion accessory. Plural of sunglass.
despise	verb	To disregard or ignore.	To regard with contempt or scorn.
resort	noun	A place where one goes habitually; a haunt.	A place where people go for recreation, especially one with facilities such as lodgings, entertainment, and a relaxing environment.	A subdivision of Suriname; a division of the country's districts.	Active power or movement; spring.	Alternative spelling of re-sort.	Recourse, refuge (something or someone turned to for safety).
resort	verb	Alternative spelling of re-sort (which is the preferred spelling, to avoid needless homography)	To fall back; to revert.	To have recourse (to), now especially from necessity or frustration.	To make one's way, go (to).
extraordinary	adj	Not ordinary; exceptional; unusual.	Remarkably good.	Special or supernumerary.
extraordinary	noun	Anything that goes beyond what is ordinary.
mud	noun	A black person.	A kind of box traditionally used in the Netherlands for measuring muds.	A mixture of water and soil or fine grained sediment.	A particle less than 62.5 microns in diameter, following the Wentworth scale	A plaster-like mixture used to texture or smooth drywall.	A traditional Dutch unit of dry measure of variable size, frequently about 3 bushels.	A traditional Dutch unit of land area, vaguely reckoned as the amount of land required to sow a mud of seed.	Coffee.	Drilling fluid.	Heroin.	Money, dough, especially when proceeding from dirty business.	Opium.	Stool that is exposed as a result of anal sex.	Wet concrete as it is being mixed, delivered and poured.	Willfully abusive, even slanderous remarks or claims, notably between political opponents.
mud	verb	To go under the mud, as an eel does.	To make muddy or dirty; to apply mud to (something).	To make turbid.	To participate in a MUD or multi-user dungeon.
automobile	noun	A type of motor vehicle designed to move on the ground under its own stored power and intended to carry a driver, a small number of additional passengers, and a very limited amount of other load.
automobile	verb	To travel by automobile.
automobile	adj	Self-moving; self-propelled.
estate	noun	A "person of estate"; a nobleman or noblewoman.	A housing estate.	A major social class or order of persons regarded collectively as part of the body politic of the country and formerly possessing distinct political rights (Estates of the realm).	A station wagon; a car with a tailgate (or liftgate) and storage space to the rear of the seating which is coterminous with the passenger compartment (and often extensible into that compartment via folding or removable seating).	An (especially extensive) area of land, under a single ownership.	An organization's collective information technology resources.	Status, rank.	The collective property and liabilities of someone, especially a deceased person.	The condition of one's fortunes; prosperity, possessions.	The landed property owned or controlled by a government or a department of government.	The nature and extent of a person's interest in, or ownership of, land.	The state; the general body politic; the common-wealth; the general interest; state affairs.	state; condition.
estate	adj	Previously owned; secondhand.
estate	verb	To bestow upon.	To give an estate to.
overseas	adj	Abroad.	Across a sea; to or in an area across a sea.	Used with ethnicities, nationalities, or religious affiliations: living (being resident) in a foreign country.
overseas	adv	Abroad.	Across a sea; to an area across a sea.
clerk	noun	A cleric or clergyman (the legal title for clergy of the Church of England is "Clerk in Holy Orders", still used in legal documents and cherished by some of their number).	A facilitator of a Quaker meeting for business affairs.	A law clerk.	A salesclerk; a person who serves customers in a store or market.	A scholar.	An employee at a hotel who deals with guests.	In the Church of England, the layman that assists in the church service, especially in reading the responses (also called parish clerk and Bible clerk).	One who occupationally provides assistance by working with records, accounts, letters, etc.; an office worker.	The chief legal advisor of a legislature or legislative chamber, who is usually also responsible for keeping minutes of sittings.
clerk	verb	To act as a clerk, to perform the duties or functions of a clerk.	To assemble information about a patient during their initial assessment by actions such as a taking a detailed medical history and performing a physical examination.
bump	noun	A coarse cotton fabric.	A disco dance in which partners rhythmically bump each other's hips together.	A dose of a drug such as ketamine or cocaine, when snorted recreationally.	A light blow or jolting collision.	A minor problem or difficulty.	A post in an Internet forum thread made in order to raise the thread's profile by returning it to the top of the list of active threads.	A protuberance on a level surface.	A reassignment of jobs within an organization (for example, when an existing employee leaves) on the basis of seniority.	A short, self-promotional spot on a radio or television station.	A sudden movement of underground strata, preceded by a characteristic sound.	A swelling on the skin caused by illness or injury.	A temporary increase in a quantity, as shown in a graph.	A training match for a fighting dog.	In skipping, a single jump over two consecutive turns of the rope.	In the game of khanhoo, the act of claiming a newly discarded card when it is not one's turn, permitted when one can use the card to form a meld other than a sequence.	Music, especially played over speakers at loud volume with strong bass frequency response.	One of the protuberances on the cranium which, in phrenology, are associated with distinct faculties or affections of the mind. Also (dated, metonymic) the faculty itself	The breeding call made by the bittern; a boom.	The jaw of either of the middle pockets.	The point, in a race in which boats are spaced apart at the start, at which a boat begins to overtake the boat ahead.	The sound of such a collision.	The swollen abdomen of a pregnant woman.
bump	verb	In the game of khanhoo, to claim a newly discarded card when it is not one's turn, permitted when one can use the card to form a meld other than a sequence.	Of a bittern, to make its characteristic breeding call.	To anger, irritate.	To assassinate; to bump off.	To displace (another employee in an organization) on the basis of seniority.	To encounter and stop, to catch.	To knock against or run into with a jolt.	To make a loud, heavy, or hollow noise; to boom.	To move (a booked passenger) to a later flight because of earlier delays or cancellations.	To move the time of (a scheduled event).	To move up or down by a step; displace.	To move while bumping up and down, as a cart or car does on rough ground.	To pick (a lock) with a repeated striking motion that dislodges the pins.	To play music through a speaker, often loudly and in public.	To post in an Internet forum thread in order to raise the thread's profile by returning it to the top of the list of active threads.	To spread out material so as to fill any desired number of pages.	To suddenly boil, causing movement of the vessel and loss of liquid.
bump	intj	Posted in an Internet forum thread in order to raise the thread's profile by returning it to the top of the list of active threads.
privacy	noun	A place of seclusion.	A private matter.	A relationship between parties seen as being a result of their mutual interest or participation in a given transaction, contract etc.	Freedom from damaging publicity, public scrutiny, surveillance, and disclosure of personal information, usually by a government or a private organization.	Freedom from unwanted or undue disturbance of one's private life.	Secrecy.	The state of being secluded from the presence, sight, or knowledge of others.
journalist	noun	A reporter, someone who professionally reports on news and current events.	One whose occupation is journalism, originally only writing in the printed press.	The keeper of a personal journal, who writes in it regularly.
Korean	adj	Of or relating to the Asian Peninsula comprising North Korea and South Korea.	Of or relating to the Korean language.
Korean	name	Official language of the people residing on the Korean Peninsula, and language of approximately 60 million people, in Asia, North America, and elsewhere.
Korean	noun	A native or resident in North Korea or South Korea, or a person of Korean descent.
instrument	noun	A device used to produce music.	A legal document, such as a contract, deed, trust, mortgage, power, indenture, or will.	A means or agency for achieving an effect.	A measuring or displaying device.	A person used as a mere tool for achieving a goal.	A tool, implement used for manipulation or measurement.	Ellipsis of flight instrument.
instrument	verb	To apply measuring devices.	To devise, conceive, cook up, plan.	To perform upon an instrument; to prepare for an instrument.
tragedy	noun	A disastrous event, especially one involving great loss of life or injury.	A drama or similar work, in which the main character is brought to ruin or otherwise suffers the extreme consequences of some tragic flaw or weakness of character.	The genre of such works, and the art of producing them.
troops	noun	Military personnel in uniform.	plural of troop
troops	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of troop
flu	noun	Influenza.	Stomach flu.
exit	noun	A minor road (such as a ramp or slip road) which is used to leave a major road (such as an expressway, highway, or motorway).	A way out.	An act of going out or going away, or leaving; a departure.	An opening or passage through which one can go from inside a place (such as a building, a room, or a vehicle) to the outside; an egress.	The act of departing from life; death.	The action of an actor leaving a scene or the stage.
exit	verb	To alight or disembark from a vehicle.	To depart from life; to die.	To depart from or leave (a place or situation).	To end or terminate (a program, subroutine, etc.)	To give up the lead.	To go out or go away from a place or situation; to depart, to leave.	To leave a scene or depart from a stage.	Used as a stage direction for an actor: to leave the scene or stage.
awoke	verb	past participle of awake	simple past of awake
fiction	noun	A legal fiction.	A verbal or written account that is not based on actual events (often intended to mislead).	Literary type using invented or imaginative writing, instead of real facts, usually written as prose.
protection	noun	A document serving as a guarantee against harm or interference; a passport.	A means of keeping or remaining safe.	A means, such as a condom, of preventing pregnancy or sexually transmitted disease.	An instance of a security token associated with a resource (such as a file).	Coverage.	Immunity from harm, obtained by illegal payments, as bribery or extortion.	Restrictions on foreign competitors which limit their ability to compete with domestic producers of goods or services.	Synonym of adult protection (“adult incontinence wear”).	The process of keeping (something or someone) safe.	The state of being safe.
tag	noun	A dangling lock of sheep's wool, matted with dung; a dung tag.	A decoration drawn over some Hebrew letters in Jewish scrolls, especially in Stam style.	A game, especially for children on playgrounds, in which one player (known as "it") attempts to touch another, who then becomes "it"; any similar game of chasing and trying to reach, touch, shoot, or label other players.	A keyword, term, or phrase associated with or assigned to data, media, and/or information enabling keyword-based classification; often used to categorize content.	A metallic binding, tube, or point, at the end of a string, or lace, to stiffen it.	A person's name.	A piece of markup representing an element in a markup language.	A sheep in its first year.	A skin tag, an excrescence of skin.	A small label.	A type of cardboard.	A vehicle number plate; a medal bearing identification data (animals, soldiers).	An attribution in narrated dialogue (eg, "he said") or attributed words (e.g. "he thought").	An instance of touching the baserunner with the ball or the ball in a gloved hand to rule him "out."	Any short peptide sequence artificially attached to proteins mostly in order to help purify, solubilize or visualize these proteins.	Any slight appendage, as to an article of dress; something slight hanging loosely.	Graffiti in the form of a stylized signature particular to the artist.	Identity.	Involving being tagged physically.	Last nonphysical appendage.	Nonphysical label.	Physical appendage.	Signature.	Something mean and paltry; the rabble, originally refer to rag as torn cloth.	The end, or catchword, of an actor's speech; cue.	The last line (or last two lines) of a song's chorus that is repeated to indicate the end of the song.	The last scene of a TV program, often focusing on the program's subplot.
tag	verb	To attach the name of (a user) to a posted message so that they are linked from the post and possibly sent a notification.	To catch and touch (a player in the game of tag).	To fasten; to attach.	To fit with, or as if with, a tag or tags.	To follow closely, accompany, tag along.	To hit the ball hard.	To label (something).	To mark (something) with one's graffiti tag.	To mark with a tag (metadata for classification).	To put a runner out by touching them with the ball or the ball in a gloved hand.	To remove dung tags from a sheep.	to have sex with someone (especially a man of a woman)
cultural	adj	Due to human activity.	Pertaining to culture.
resolve	verb	Alternative spelling of re-solve.	To break down into constituent parts; to decompose; to disintegrate; to return to a simpler constitution or a primeval state.	To cause a chord to go from dissonance to consonance.	To cause to perceive or understand; to acquaint; to inform; to convince; to assure; to make certain.	To come to an agreement or make peace; patch up relationship, settle differences, bury the hatchet.	To determine or decide in purpose; to make ready in mind; to fix; to settle.	To disperse or scatter; to discuss, as an inflammation or a tumour.	To find a solution to (a problem).	To find the IP address of a hostname, or the entity referred to by a symbol in source code; to look up.	To liquefy (a gas or vapour).	To make a firm decision to do something. To become determined to reach a certain goal or take a certain action.	To melt; to dissolve; to become liquid.	To melt; to dissolve; to liquefy or soften (a solid).	To reduce to simple or intelligible notions; to make clear or certain; to unravel; to explain.	To relax; to lie at ease.	To render visible or distinguishable the parts of something.	To separate racemic compounds into their enantiomers.	To solve (an equation, etc.).
resolve	noun	A determination to do something; a fixed decision.	An act of resolving something; resolution.	Determination; will power.
grape	noun	A dark purplish-red colour, the colour of many grapes.	A mangy tumour on a horse's leg.	A person's head.	A purple-shirted technician responsible for refueling aircraft.	A small, round, smooth-skinned edible fruit, usually purple, red, or green, that grows in bunches on vines of genus Vitis.	A woody vine of genus Vitis that bears clusters of grapes; a grapevine.	Any of various fruits or plants with varying resemblances to those of genus Vitis but belonging to other genera; their edibility varies.	Clipping of grapeshot.	Filter-avoidance spelling of rape.
grape	adj	Containing grapes or having a grape flavor.	Of a dark purplish red colour.
grape	verb	Filter-avoidance spelling of rape.	Of livestock, to develop tubercules as a result of tuberculosis.	To develop a texture with small grape-like clusters of a contaminant or foreign substance.	To envy (derived from "sour grapes" idiom).	To grope.	To pick grapes.
rip	verb	To be very good; rock	To copy data from a CD, DVD, Internet stream, etc., to a hard drive, portable device, etc.	To cut wood along (parallel to) the grain.	To divide or separate the parts of (especially something flimsy, such as paper or fabric), by cutting or tearing; to tear off or out by violence.	To fart audibly.	To get by, or as if by, cutting or tearing.	To mock or criticize (someone or something). (often used with on and into)	To move or act fast; to rush headlong.	To move quickly and destructively.	To remove violently or wrongly.	To steal; to rip off.	To surf extremely well.	To take a hit, dose or shot of a drug (such as marijuana) or alcohol.	To tear apart; to rapidly become two parts.	To tear up for search or disclosure, or for alteration; to search to the bottom; to discover; to disclose; usually with up.
rip	noun	A black mark given for substandard schoolwork.	A comical, embarrassing, or hypocritical event or action.	A fart.	A handful of unthreshed grain.	A hit (dose) of marijuana.	A joyride.	A kind of glissando leading up to the main note to be played.	A rip current: a strong outflow of surface water, away from the shore, that returns water from incoming waves.	A tear (in paper, etc.).	A tract of broken water (in a river or stream), particularly one which is not as rough as rapids.	A type of strong, rough tide or current.	A worthless horse; a nag.	An immoral man; a rake, a scoundrel.	Data or audio copied from a CD, DVD, Internet stream, etc. to a hard drive, portable device, etc.	Ellipsis of ripsaw (“saw for cutting wood along its grain”).	Something ripped off or stolen; a work resulting from plagiarism.	Something unfairly expensive, a rip-off.
rip	intj	Alternative letter-case form of RIP.
9	noun	Clipping of 900 (“900° spin”).
decent	adj	Appropriate; suitable for the circumstances.	Comely; shapely; well-formed.	Conforming to perceived standards of good taste.	Fair; acceptable; okay.	Having a suitable conformity to basic moral standards; showing integrity, fairness, or other characteristics associated with moral uprightness.	Significant; substantial.	Sufficiently clothed or dressed to be seen.
decent	noun	Misspelling of descent.
fancy	noun	A bite-sized sponge cake, with a layer of cream, covered in icing.	A colored neckerchief worn at prizefights to show support for a contender.	A diamond with a distinctive colour.	A sort of love song or light impromptu ballad.	A whim.	An image or representation of anything formed in the mind.	An opinion or notion formed without much reflection.	Any sport or hobby pursued by a group.	In the game of jacks, a style of play involving additional actions (contrasted with plainsies).	Love or amorous attachment.	That which pleases or entertains the taste or caprice without much use or value.	The enthusiasts of such a pursuit.	The imagination.	The object of inclination or liking.
fancy	adj	Decorative, or featuring decorations, especially intricate or diverse ones.	Executed with skill.	Extravagant; above real value.	Of a superior grade.	Unnecessarily complicated.
fancy	adv	In a fancy manner; fancily.
fancy	verb	To appreciate without jealousy or greed.	To be sexually, aesthetically or romantically attracted to.	To breed (animals) as a hobby.	To form a conception of; to portray in the mind.	To have a fancy for; to like; to be pleased with, particularly on account of external appearance or manners.	To imagine, suppose.	Would like; have a desire for.
helicopter	noun	A breakdance move in which the dancer spins on the floor while extending the legs to resemble the blades of a helicopter.	A dragonfly; so named due to its resemblance to a helicopter (sense 1).	A powered troweling machine with spinning blades used to spread concrete.	A whirling trick performed with devil sticks.	An aircraft that is borne along by one or more sets of long rotating blades which allow it to hover, move in any direction including reverse, or land; and typically having a smaller set of blades on its tail to stabilize the aircraft.	The winged fruit of certain trees, such as ash, elm, and maple.
helicopter	verb	To overprotect one's children, as a helicopter parent does.	To rotate like a helicopter blade.	To transport by helicopter.	To travel by helicopter.
strawberry	noun	A dark pinkish red color, like that of the fruit; strawberry red.	A prostitute who exchanges sexual services for crack cocaine.	Any plant of the genus Fragaria (that bears such fruit).	Something resembling a strawberry, especially a reddish bruise, birthmark, or infantile hemangioma (naevus).	The berry of the strawberry tree (Arbutus)	The sweet, usually red, edible accessory fruit of certain plants of the genus Fragaria.
strawberry	adj	Containing or having the flavor of strawberries.	Flavored with ethyl methylphenylglycidate, an artificial compound which is said to resemble the taste of strawberries.	Of a color similar to the color of strawberry-flavoured products.
strawberry	verb	To gather strawberries.	To turn a dark pinkish-red.
notify	verb	To give (someone) notice (of some event).	To make (something) known.	To make note of (something).
donate	verb	To make a donation; to give away something of value to support or contribute towards a cause or for the benefit of another.
USA	name	Initialism of Union of South Africa.	Initialism of United Sabah Alliance.	Initialism of United States Army.	Initialism of the United States of America: a country in North America.
USA	noun	Abbreviation of United States Attorney.
bleed	verb	To (cause to) extend to the edge of the page, without leaving any margin.	To bleed on; to make bloody.	To destroy the environment where another phonological rule would have applied.	To issue forth, or drop, like blood from an incision.	To let or draw blood from.	To lose money.	To lose sap, gum, or juice.	To remove air bubbles from a pipe containing other fluids.	To shed blood through an injured blood vessel.	To show one's group loyalty by showing (its associated color) in one's blood.	To spread from the intended location and stain the surrounding cloth or paper.	To steadily lose (something vital).	To take large amounts of money from.	To tap off high-pressure gas (usually air) from a system that produces high-pressure gas primarily for another purpose.
bleed	noun	A narrow edge around a page layout, to be printed but cut off afterwards (added to allow for slight misalignment, especially with pictures that should run to the edge of the finished sheet).	A system for tapping hot, high-pressure air from a gas turbine engine for purposes such as cabin pressurization and airframe anti-icing.	An incident of bleeding, as in haemophilia.	The phenomenon of in-character feelings affecting a player's feelings or actions outside of the game.	The removal of air bubbles from a pipe containing other fluids.	The situation where sound is picked up by a microphone from a source other than that which is intended.
mere	adj	Just, only; no more than, pure and simple, neither more nor better than might be expected.	Nothing less than; complete, downright .	Pure, unalloyed .
mere	noun	A Maori war-club.	A body of standing water, such as a lake or a pond (formerly even a body of seawater), especially a broad, shallow one. (Also included in place names such as Windermere.)	Alternative form of mayor and mair.	Boundary, limit; a boundary-marker; boundary-line.
mere	verb	To decide upon the position of a boundary; to position it on a map.	To limit; bound; divide or cause division in.	To set divisions and bounds.
concept	noun	A description of supported operations on a type, including their syntax and semantics.	An abstract and general idea; an abstraction.	Understanding retained in the mind, from experience, reasoning and imagination; a generalization (generic, basic form), or abstraction (mental impression), of a particular set of instances or occurrences (specific, though different, recorded manifestations of the concept).
concept	verb	to conceive; to dream up
roommate	noun	A person sharing the same home albeit not the same room (but generally not a family member or spouse).	A person with whom one shares a room, as in a dormitory, barracks, rooming house, or apartment.	A same-sex significant other with whom one lives; a coinhabitant in a non-heterosexual relationship.
horizon	noun	A cultural sub-period or level within a more encompassing time period.	A specific layer of soil, or stratum	Any level line or surface.	The point at which a computer chess algorithm stops searching for further moves.	The range or limit of any dimension in which one exists.	The range or limit of one's knowledge, experience or interest; a boundary or threshold.	The visible horizontal line (in all directions) where the sky appears to meet the earth in the distance.
Berlin	name	A borough of Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	A borough of Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.	A city in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.	A city in Green Lake County and Waushara County, Wisconsin, United States.	A civil parish of the municipality of Seedorf, Segeberg district, Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	A female given name from German.	A ghost town in Johnson Township, Clinton County, Indiana, United States.	A ghost town in Nye County, Nevada, United States.	A place in the United States.	A small city in Colquitt County, Georgia, United States.	A small town in the Eastern Cape province, South Africa.	A state of Germany containing the capital city.	A surname from German.	A tiny city in LaMoure County, North Dakota, United States.	A town in Green Lake County, Wisconsin, United States, mostly surrounding the city of the same name.	A town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States.	A town in Marathon County, Wisconsin, United States.	A town in Rensselaer County, New York, United States.	A town in Washington County, Vermont, United States.	A town in Worcester County, Maryland, United States.	A town in Worcester County, Massachusetts, United States.	A town in Worcester County, Mississippi, United States.	A village in Chelyabinsk Oblast, Russia.	A village in Sangamon County, Illinois, United States.	An unincorporated community and census-designated place in Berlin Township, Holmes County, Ohio, United States.	An unincorporated community in Bourbon County, Kansas, United States.	An unincorporated community in Bracken County, Kentucky, United States.	An unincorporated community in Florence Township, Williams County, Ohio, United States.	An unincorporated community in Lewis County, West Virginia, United States.	An unincorporated community in Marshall County, Tennessee, United States.	An unincorporated community in Washington County, Texas, United States.	Ellipsis of Berlin Township.	The German government.	The capital and largest city of Germany.	The former name of Genevra, an unincorporated community in Colusa County, California, United States.	The former name of Kitchener, a city in the Regional Municipality of Waterloo, Ontario, Canada.	The former name of Marne, an unincorporated community in Ottawa County, Michigan, United States.	The former name of Otoe, a village in Otoe County, Nebraska, United States.
Berlin	noun	Short for Berlin worsted
stain	noun	A blemish on one's character or reputation.	A discolored spot or area caused by spillage or other contact with certain fluids or substances.	A reagent or dye used to stain microscope specimens so as to make some structures visible.	A substance used to soak into a surface and colour it.	One of a number of non-standard tinctures used chiefly in post-medieval heraldry, especially tenné, murrey, or sanguine.
stain	verb	To become stained; to take a stain.	To cause to seem inferior or soiled by comparison.	To coat a surface with a stain	To discolor, as by spilling or other contact with a fluid or substance.	To taint or tarnish someone's character or reputation	To treat (a microscopic specimen) with a dye, especially one that dyes specific features
bean	noun	A guinea coin or sovereign.	A person; especially, a baby.	A toe bean.	An object resembling a pea or bean in shape, often made from plastic or styrofoam and used in large numbers as packing material or as stuffing for beanbags and similar items.	Any form of tablet, especially benzedrine (benny).	Any plant of several genera of the taxonomic family Fabaceae that produces large edible seeds or edible seedpods.	Clipping of JavaBean.	Money.	The bean-like seed of certain other plants, such as a vanilla bean or (especially) a coffee bean.	The edible seedpod of such a plant.	The head or brain.	The human clitoris.	The large edible seed of such a plant (for example, a broad bean, navy bean, or garbanzo bean).
bean	verb	To hit with a projectile, especially a deliberately aimed blow to the head.
arrangement	noun	A collection of things that have been arranged.	A particular way in which items are organized.	An adaptation of a piece of music for other instruments, or in another style.	An agreement.	Preparations for some undertaking.	The act of arranging.	The manner of being arranged.
deprive	verb	To bereave.	To degrade (a clergyman) from office.	Used with “of”, to take something away from (someone) and keep it away; to deny someone something.
exaggerate	verb	To overstate, to describe more than the fact.
exaggerate	adj	Exaggerative; overblown.
ambulance	noun	A mobile field hospital.	A vehicle used for the transportation of dead people, typically to a mortuary.	An emergency vehicle designed for transporting seriously ill or injured people to a hospital.	Synonym of covered wagon.	Synonym of stretcher, a litter used for medical transport.
ambulance	verb	To transport by ambulance.
creative	adj	A type of set of natural numbers, related to mathematical logic.	Designed or executed to deceive or mislead.	Original, expressive and imaginative.	Tending to create things, or having the ability to create; often, excellently, in a novel fashion, or any or all of these.	bad, unartistic, busy.
creative	noun	A person directly involved in a creative marketing process.	Artistic material used in advertising, e.g. photographs, drawings, or video.
accurate	adj	Deviating only slightly or within acceptable limits.	Precisely fixed; executed with care; careful.	Telling the truth or giving a true result; exact; not defective or faulty
civilization	noun	An organized culture encompassing many communities, often on the scale of a nation or a people; a stage or system of social, political, or technical development.	Human society, particularly civil society.	The act of rendering a criminal process civil.	The act or process of civilizing or becoming civilized.	The state or quality of being civilized.
civilization	name	Collectively, those people and places of the world considered to have a high standard of behavior and / or a high level of development. Commonly subjectively used by people of one society to exclusively refer to their society, or their elite sub-group, or a few associated societies, implying all others, in time or geography or status, as something less than civilised, as savages or barbarians. (Compare refinement, elitism, civilised society, the Civilised World.
fist	noun	A group of men.	A hand with the fingers clenched or curled inward.	A person's characteristic handwriting.	A puffball.	An attempt at something.	The act of breaking wind; fise.	The characteristic signaling rhythm of an individual telegraph or CW operator when sending Morse code.	The pointing hand symbol ☞.	The talons of a bird of prey.
fist	verb	To break wind.	To close (the hand) into a fist.	To fist-fuck.	To grip with a fist.	To stomp, to utterly defeat	To strike with the fist.
forehead	noun	The part of the face above the eyebrows and below the hairline.	The upper part of a mobile phone, above the screen.	confidence; audacity; impudence.
destination	noun	Purpose for which anything is destined; predetermined end, object, or use; ultimate design.	The act of destining or appointing.	The place set for the end of a journey, or to which something is sent; place or point aimed at.
unit	noun	A gold coin of the reign of James I, worth twenty shillings.	A member of a military organization.	A penis, especially a large one.	A physically large person.	A quantity of approximately 517 milliliters (1.1 U.S. pints) of blood.	A standard measure of a quantity or magnitude.	A standard or basic quantity into which an item of supply is divided, issued, or detailed. In this meaning, also called unit of issue.	A structure used to display goods for sale (usually containing shelves, pegs or hooks)	A unit of alcohol.	A volume of rock or ice of identifiable origin and age range that is defined by the distinctive and dominant, easily mapped and recognizable petrographic, lithologic or paleontologic features (facies) that characterize it.	A work unit.	An element having an inverse, an invertible element; an associate of the unity.	An item which may be sold singly.	An organization title of a subdivision of a group in a task force.	An organized group comprising people and/or equipment.	Any military element whose structure is prescribed by competent authority, such as a table of organization and equipment; specifically, part of an organization.	Any piece of equipment, such as an appliance, power tool, stereo system, computer, tractor, or machinery.	Ellipsis of international unit.	In an adjunction, a natural transformation from the identity functor of the domain of the left adjoint functor to the composition of the right adjoint functor with the left adjoint functor.	One kilowatt-hour (as recorded on an electricity meter).	Oneness, singularity, seen as a component of a whole number; a magnitude of one.	The identity element, neutral element.	The number one.	With regard to Reserve Components of the Armed Forces, denotes a Selected Reserve unit organized, equipped, and trained for mobilization to serve on active duty as a unit or to augment or be augmented by another unit. Headquarters and support functions without wartime missions are not considered units.	a measure of housing equivalent to the living quarters of one household; an apartment where a group of apartments is contained in one or more multi-storied buildings or a group of dwellings is in one or more single storey buildings, usually arranged around a driveway.
unit	adj	For each unit.	Having a size or magnitude of one.
negotiation	noun	The process of achieving agreement through discussion.
worthy	adj	Admirable or honourable.	Deserving, or having sufficient worth.	Having worth, merit, or value.	Suited; suitable; befitting.
worthy	noun	A distinguished or eminent person.
worthy	verb	To render or treat as worthy; exalt; revere; honour; esteem; respect; value; reward; adore.
thy	det	Possessive form of thou: that which belongs to thee; which belongs to you (singular).
thy	conj	Only used in for thy, for-thy, which is an alternative form of forthy (“because, therefore”).
sincere	adj	Genuine; meaning what one says or does; heartfelt.	Meant truly or earnestly.	clean; pure
vegetarian	noun	A person who does not eat animal flesh, or, in some cases, use any animal products.	An animal that eats only plants; a herbivore.
vegetarian	adj	Of a product normally made with meat, having non-meat substitutes in place of meat.	Of or relating to the type of diet eaten by vegetarians (in all senses).	That does not eat meat.	Without meat.
normally	adv	In the expected or customary manner.	In the manner of a variable with a Gaussian distribution.	To a usual or customary extent or degree.	Under normal conditions or circumstances; usually; most of the time
Washington	name	A barangay of Catarman, Northern Samar, Philippines.	A barangay of Escalante, Negros Occidental.	A barangay of San Jacinto, Masbate, Philippines.	A barangay of Surigao, Surigao del Norte.	A borough of Warren County, New Jersey.	A census-designated place in Nevada County, California.	A census-designated place in Wood County, West Virginia.	A city in Franklin County, Missouri.	A city in Tazewell County, Illinois.	A city in Washington County, Utah.	A city, the county seat of Daviess County, Indiana.	A city, the county seat of Washington County, Pennsylvania.	A community in Mahaica-Berbice, Guyana.	A community in Oxford County, Ontario, Canada.	A ghost town in Autauga County, Alabama.	A large number of townships in the United States, listed under Washington Township.	A male given name transferred from the surname, popular during the first century of American independence, given in honor of George Washington.	A neighborhood of the city of Maysville, Mason County, Kentucky.	A place in England:	A placename:	A small city, the county seat of Beaufort County, North Carolina.	A small city, the county seat of Washington County, Iowa.	A small city, the county seat of Washington County, Kansas.	A small city, the county seat of Wilkes County, Georgia.	A small town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts.	A small town in Green County, Wisconsin.	A small town in La Crosse County, Wisconsin.	A small town in McClain County, Oklahoma, named for Caddo chief "Little Boy" Washington.	A small town in Rusk County, Wisconsin.	A small town in Sauk County, Wisconsin.	A small town, the county seat of Rappahannock County, Virginia.	A state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States. Capital: Olympia. Largest city: Seattle.	A tiny city in Hempstead County, Arkansas.	A town in Dutchess County, New York.	A town in Eau Claire County, Wisconsin.	A town in Knox County, Maine.	A town in Litchfield County, Connecticut.	A town in Orange County, Vermont.	A town in Shawano County, Wisconsin.	A town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire.	A town in Vilas County, Wisconsin.	A town in the Metropolitan Borough of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear, England.	A village and civil parish in Horsham district, West Sussex, England (OS grid ref TQ1212).	A village in St. Landry Parish, Louisiana.	A village in Washington County, Nebraska.	An English habitational surname from Old English.	An unincorporated community in Adams County, Mississippi.	An unincorporated community in Door County, Wisconsin.	An unincorporated community in Macomb County, Michigan.	District of Columbia (a district of the United States, coterminous with the city of Washington).	Ellipsis of University of Washington.	George Washington, the first president of the United States, and commanding general during its war of independence.	Several locations in the Philippines:	Several other locations in the United States, most of which are named for George Washington:	The federal government or administrative authority of the United States. From the capital city of Washington, D.C.	Washington, D.C. (the capital city of the United States).
Washington	noun	A U.S. one-dollar bill, which features a portrait of George Washington.
everythings	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of everything
hugge		
insane	adj	Causing insanity or madness.	Characterized by excess or the utmost folly; ridiculous; impractical.	Enraged; furious.	Exhibiting unsoundness or disorder of mind; not sane; utterly mad.	Extremely good; incredibly amazing.	Used by or relating to insane people.
sneak	noun	A ball bowled so as to roll along the ground; a daisy-cutter	A cheat; a con artist.	A play where the quarterback receives the snap and immediately dives forward.	A sneaker; a tennis shoe.	An informer; a tell-tale.	Ellipsis of sneak preview	One who sneaks; one who moves stealthily to acquire an item or information.	The act of sneaking
sneak	verb	To creep or go stealthily; to come or go while trying to avoid detection, as a person who does not wish to be seen.	To hide, especially in a mean or cowardly manner.	To inform an authority of another's misdemeanours.	To stealthily bring someone something.	To take something stealthily without permission.
sneak	adj	In a stealthy or surreptitious manner.	In advance; before release to the general public.
makeup	noun	A test given to students allowing them to repeat failed material.	An item's composition.	Cosmetics; colorants and other substances applied to the skin to alter its appearance.	In a NIMCRUT, an amount distributed from the trust's income in subsequent years to make up for a present shortfall.	Replacement; material used to make up for the amount that has been used up.
makeup	verb	Alternative form of make up (“(ambitransitive) to put makeup on (someone or something)”).
jewel	noun	A bearing for a pivot in a watch, formed of a crystal or precious stone.	A precious or semi-precious stone; gem, gemstone.	A valuable object used for personal ornamentation, especially one made of precious metals and stones; a piece of jewellery.	Any of various lycaenid butterflies of the genus Hypochrysops.	Anything precious or valuable.	The clitoris.
jewel	verb	To bejewel; to decorate or bedeck with jewels or gems.
theres	noun	plural of there
theres	contraction	There is; there's.
absolute	adj	Absolved; free.	As measured using an absolute value.	Being or pertaining to an inflected verb that is not preceded by any number of particles or compounded with a preverb.	Certain; free from doubt or uncertainty (e.g. a person, opinion or prediction).	Characteristic of an absolutist ruler: domineering, peremptory.	Complete, utter, outright; unmitigated, not qualified or diminished in any way.	Expressing a relative term without a definite comparison, like "older" in "an older person should be treated with respect".	Free from imperfection, perfect, complete; especially, perfectly embodying a quality in its essential characteristics or to its highest degree.	Free of restrictions, limitations, qualifications or conditions; unconditional.	Fundamental, ultimate, intrinsic; not relative; independent of references or relations to other things or standards.	Having no direct object, like "kill" in "if looks could kill".	Having reference to or derived in the simplest manner from the fundamental units of mass, time, and length.	Independent of (references to) other arts; expressing things (beauty, ideas, etc) only in one art.	Independent of arbitrary units of measurement, standards, or properties; not comparative or relative.	Indicating an expression that is true for all real numbers, or of all values of the variable; unconditional.	Indicating that a tenure or estate in land is not conditional or liable to terminate on (strictly) any occurrence or (sometimes contextually) certain kinds of occurrence.	Lacking a modified substantive, like "hungry" in "feed the hungry".	Not immediately dependent on the other parts of the sentence; not in a syntactical relation with other parts of a text, or qualifying the text as a whole rather than any single word in it, like "it being over" in "it being over, she left".	Pertaining to a grading system based on the knowledge of the individual and not on the comparative knowledge of the group of students.	Positive, certain; unquestionable; not in doubt.	Positive; not graded (not comparative or superlative).	Pure, free from mixture or adulteration; unmixed.	Relating to the absolute temperature scale (based on absolute zero); kelvin.	Syntactically connected to the rest of the sentence in an atypical manner, or not relating to or depending on it, like in the nominative absolute or genitive absolute, accusative absolute or ablative absolute.	Unrestricted by laws, a constitution, or parliamentary or judicial or other checks; (legally) unlimited in power, especially if despotic.
absolute	noun	A concentrated natural flower oil, used for perfumes; an alcoholic extract of a concrete.	A realm which exists without reference to anything else; that which can be imagined purely by itself; absolute ego.	In a plane, the two imaginary circular points at infinity; in space of three dimensions, the imaginary circle at infinity.	That which exists (or has a certain property, nature, size, etc) independent of references to other standards or external conditions; that which is universally valid; that which is not relative, conditional, qualified or mitigated.	The whole of reality; the totality to which everything is reduced; the unity of spirit and nature; God.
keen	adj	Acrimonious, bitter, piercing.	Acute of mind, having or expressing mental acuteness; penetrating, sharp.	Brave, courageous; audacious, bold.	Fierce, intense, vehement.	Having a fine edge or point; sharp.	Marvelous.	Of cold, wind, etc.: cutting, penetrating, piercing, sharp.	Of prices, extremely low as to be competitive.	Often with a prepositional phrase, or with to and an infinitive: showing a quick and ardent responsiveness or willingness; eager, enthusiastic, interested.
keen	verb	To make cold, to sharpen.	To mourn.	To utter a keen.	To utter with a loud wailing voice or wordless cry.
keen	noun	A prolonged wail for a deceased person.
occupy	verb	To do business in; to busy oneself with.	To fill or hold (an official position or role).	To fill space.	To fill.	To have sexual intercourse with.	To have, or to have taken, possession or control of (a territory).	To hold the attention of.	To live or reside in.	To place the theodolite or total station at (a point).	To possess or use the time or capacity of; to engage the service of.	To take or use space.	To take or use.	To use; to expend; to make use of.
relief	noun	A certain fine or composition paid by the heir of a tenant upon the death of the ancestor.	A lowering of a tax through special provisions; tax relief.	A method of sculpture or other artwork in which shapes or figures protrude from a flat background.	A sculpture or other artwork made with such a method.	Aid or assistance offered in time of need.	Court-ordered compensation, aid, or protection, a redress.	Permission for a player to move their ball to a more convenient spot before taking a shot, under certain circumstances.	Relative distinctness, perceived difference due to contrast.	Release from a post or duty, as when replaced by another.	The apparent difference in elevation in the surface of a painting or drawing made noticeable by a variation in light or color.	The difference of elevations on a surface.	The feeling associated with the removal of stress or discomfort.	The person who takes over a shift for another.	The removal of stress or discomfort.	The supposed projection of a charge from the surface of a field, indicated by shading on the sinister and lower sides.
relief	adj	Characterized by surface inequalities.	Of or used in letterpress.
cooperation	noun	Active help from a person, organization, etc., such as an orderly sharing of space or resources.	Association for mutual benefit, such as for purposes of production or purchase.	The act of cooperating.
beg	verb	In the phrase beg the question: to assume.	In the phrase beg the question: to raise (a question).	To ask to be appointed guardian for, or to ask to have a guardian appointed for.	To obviously lack or be in need of something.	To plead with someone for help, a favor, etc.; to entreat.	To request the help of someone, often in the form of money.	To unwillingly provoke a negative, often violent, reaction.
beg	noun	Abbreviation of beginning.	Alternative form of bey.	The act of begging; an imploring request.
coincidence	noun	A coincidence point.	A fixed point of a correspondence; a point of a variety corresponding to itself under a correspondence.	Of events, the appearance of a meaningful connection when there is none.	Of objects, the property of being coincident; occurring at the same time or place.
kindly	adj	Favourable, gentle, pleasant, tidy, auspicious, beneficent.	Having a kind personality; kind, warmhearted, sympathetic.	Lawful.	Natural; inherent to the kind or race.
kindly	adv	In a favourable way.	In a kind manner, out of kindness.	Kind of, somewhat.	Naturally.	Readily.	Used to make a polite request: please.	With kind acceptance; used with take.
vice	noun	A defect in the temper or behaviour of a horse, such as to make the animal dangerous, to injure its health, or to diminish its usefulness.	A grip or grasp.	A tool for drawing lead into cames, or flat grooved rods, for casements.	A winding or spiral staircase.	Alternative spelling of vise (“mechanical screw apparatus used for clamping”).	Any of various crimes related (depending on jurisdiction) to weapons, prostitution, pornography, gambling, alcohol, tobacco, or drugs.	Bad or immoral behaviour.	Clipping of vice squad.	One who acts in place of a superior.
vice	verb	Alternative spelling of vise (“to hold or squeeze with a vice”).
vice	adj	in place of; subordinate to; designating a person below another in rank
vice	prep	Instead of; in place of; versus.
coast	noun	A region of land; a district or country.	A region of the air or heavens.	The edge of the land where it meets an ocean, sea, gulf, bay, or large lake.	The side or edge of something.
coast	verb	To conduct along a coast or river bank.	To draw near to; to approach; to keep near, or by the side of.	To glide along without adding energy; to allow a vehicle to continue moving forward after disengaging the engine or ceasing to apply motive power.	To make a minimal effort; to continue to do something in a routine way, without initiative or effort.	To sail along a coast.	To sail by or near; to follow the coastline of.	To slide downhill; to slide on a sled upon snow or ice.
Asia	name	67 Asia, a main belt asteroid.	A daughter of Oceanus and Tethys, the wife of the Titan, Iapetus, and mother of Atlas, Prometheus, Epimetheus and Menoetius.	A female given name transferred from the place name, of modern usage.	An ancient province of the Roman Empire in modern western Turkey, existing between 133 BC (during the Roman Republic) and the 7th century AD.	The largest continent, located east of Europe (typically delimited by the Urals), west of the Pacific Ocean, north of Oceania and south of the Arctic Ocean.
railroad	noun	A permanent track consisting of fixed metal rails to drive trains or similar motorized vehicles on.	A procedure conducted in haste without due consideration.	A single, privately or publicly owned property comprising one or more such tracks and usually associated assets	The transportation system comprising such tracks and vehicles fitted to travel on the rails, usually with several vehicles connected together in a train.
railroad	verb	To convict of a crime by circumventing due process.	To engage in a hobby pertaining to railroads.	To force players to follow the dungeon master's planned plot rather than improvise an alternative story.	To manipulate and hasten a procedure, as of formal approval of a law or resolution.	To operate a railroad.	To procedurally bully someone into an unfair agreement.	To run fabric horizontally instead of the usual vertically.	To transport via railroad.	To travel by railroad.	To work for a railroad.
Shakespeare	name	A ghost town in Hidalgo County, New Mexico, United States.	A place name:	A surname.	A village in Perth East township, Ontario, Canada, named after the playwright.	His works or media adaptations of his works.	William Shakespeare, an English playwright and poet of the late sixteenth and early seventeenth centuries.
Shakespeare	noun	A playwright of the standing of William Shakespeare.	Any form or style of language that is eloquent, especially in English; poetry.
Shakespeare	verb	To act or perform in a play of the works of Shakespeare.
range	noun	A bolting sieve to sift meal.	A fireplace; a fire or other cooking apparatus; now specifically, a large cooking stove with many hotplates.	A line or series of mountains, buildings, etc.	A sequential list of values specified by an iterator.	A wandering or roving; a going to and fro; an excursion; a ramble; an expedition.	An aggregate of individuals in one rank or degree; an order; a class.	An area for military training or equipment testing.	An area for practicing shooting at targets.	An area of open, often unfenced, grazing land.	In the public land system, a row or line of townships lying between two succession meridian lines six miles apart.	Selection, array.	The defensive area that a player can cover.	The distance a vehicle (e.g., a car, bicycle, lorry, or aircraft) can travel without refueling.	The distance from a person or sensor to an object, target, emanation, or event.	The extent or space taken in by anything excursive; compass or extent of excursion; reach; scope.	The geographical area or zone where a species is normally naturally found.	The length of the smallest interval which contains all the data in a sample; the difference between the largest and smallest observations in the sample.	The maximum distance or reach of capability (of a weapon, radio, detector, etc.).	The scale of all the tones a voice or an instrument can produce.	The set of values (points) which a function can obtain.	The step of a ladder; a rung.	The variety of roles that an actor can play in a satisfactory way.
range	verb	Of a player, to travel a significant distance for a defensive play.	Of a variable, to be able to take any of the values in a specified range.	To be native to, or live in, a certain district or region.	To be placed in order; to be ranked; to admit of arrangement or classification; to rank.	To bring (something) into a specified position or relationship (especially, of opposition) with something else.	To classify.	To determine the range to a target.	To exercise the power of something over something else; to cause to submit to, over.	To form a line or a row.	To place among others in a line, row, or order, as in the ranks of an army; usually, reflexively and figuratively, to espouse a cause, to join a party, etc.	To rove over or through.	To sail or pass in a direction parallel to or near.	To set in a row, or in rows; to place in a regular line or lines, or in ranks; to dispose in the proper order.	To travel over (an area, etc); to roam, wander.
explore	verb	To (seek) experience first hand.	To be engaged exploring in any of the above senses.	To examine diagnostically.	To examine or investigate something systematically.	To seek for something or after someone.	To seek sexual variety, to sow one's wild oats.	To travel somewhere in search of discovery.	To wander without any particular aim or purpose.
explore	noun	An exploration; a tour of a place to see what it is like.
rage	noun	A current fashion or fad.	A subgenre of trap music originating in the United States in the 2020s, characterized by 808s and aggressive, distorted synths.	An exciting and boisterous party.	Any vehement passion.	Violent uncontrolled anger.
rage	verb	To act or speak in heightened anger.	To enrage.	To move with great violence, as a storm etc.	To party hard; to have a good time.
derive	verb	To create (a compound) from another by means of a reaction.	To deduce (a conclusion) by reasoning.	To differentiate (a function).	To find the derivation of (a word or phrase).	To obtain or receive (something) from something else.	To originate or stem (from).	To turn the course of (water, etc.); to divert and distribute into subordinate channels.
capacity	noun	A faculty; the potential for growth and development	A measure of such ability; volume	A role; the position in which one functions	Capability; the ability to perform some task	Electrical capacitance.	Legal authority (to make an arrest for example)	Mental ability; the power to learn	The ability to hold, receive, or absorb	The maximum amount that can be held	The maximum that can be produced on a machine or in a facility or group.	The maximum that can be produced.
capacity	adj	Filling the allotted space.
dutch	noun	wife
dutch	verb	Alternative letter-case form of Dutch (“treat cocoa with alkali”).
weed	noun	A cigar.	A drug or the like made from the leaves of a plant.	A garment or piece of clothing.	A hatband.	A puny person; one who has little physical strength.	A sudden illness or relapse, often attended with fever, which befalls those who are about to give birth, are giving birth, or have recently given birth or miscarried or aborted.	A weak horse, which is therefore unfit to breed from.	An article of dress worn in token of grief; a mourning garment or badge.	Any plant unwanted at the place where and at the time when it is growing.	Cannabis.	Clothing collectively; clothes, dress.	Ellipsis of duckweed.	Especially in the plural as widow's weeds: (female) mourning apparel.	Lymphangitis in a horse.	Something unprofitable or troublesome; anything useless.	Tobacco.	Underbrush; low shrubs.
weed	verb	To pilfer the best items from a collection.	To remove unwanted vegetation from a cultivated area (especially grass).	To systematically remove materials from a library collection based on a set of criteria.	simple past and past participle of wee
consume	verb	To absorb information, especially through the mass media.	To completely occupy the thoughts or attention of.	To destroy completely.	To eat.	To trade money for good or services as an individual.	To use up.	To waste away slowly.
determined	adj	Decided; resolute, possessing much determination; dogged.
determined	verb	simple past and past participle of determine
Scotland	name	A constituent country of the United Kingdom, located in northwest Europe to the north of England.	A habitational surname referring to someone from Scotland.
wool	noun	A cloth or yarn made from such hair.	A fine fiber obtained from the leaves of certain trees, such as firs and pines.	A marijuana cigarette or cigar laced with crack cocaine.	A woolly back; a resident of a satellite town outside Liverpool, such as St Helens or Warrington. See also Yonner.	Anything with a fibrous texture like that of sheep's wool.	Short, thick hair, especially when crisped or curled.	The hair of the sheep, llama and some other ruminants.	Yarn, including that made from synthetic fibers.
delete	verb	To defeat or dominate.	To kill or murder.	To remove, get rid of or erase, especially written or printed material, or data on a computer or other device.
delete	noun	A deletion.	A remainder of a music or video release.	Alternative letter-case form of Delete.	The delete character (U+007F or %7F).
menu	noun	A list containing the food and beverages served at a restaurant, café, or bar. Menus may be printed on paper sheets provided to customers, put on a large poster or display board inside the establishment, displayed outside the restaurant, or digital.	A list from which the user may select an operation to be performed, often done with a keyboard, mouse, or controller under a graphical user interface	A list or agenda.	The details of the food to be served at a banquet; a bill of fare.	The food or drinks that are available in a restaurant, café, or bar.
menu	verb	To include (something) in a menu.
Switzerland	name	A country in Western Europe and Central Europe. Official name: Swiss Confederation. Capital: Bern (de facto).
Switzerland	noun	A neutral party in a dispute; one who does not take sides.
unlucky	adj	Bringing ill luck.	Having ill luck.	Inauspicious.	Unfortunate, marked by misfortune.
congratulate	verb	To consider oneself fortunate in some matter.	To express one’s sympathetic pleasure or joy to the person(s) it is felt for; to felicitate.
carelessness	noun	Lack of care; the state or quality of being careless.
flirt	noun	A brief shower (of rain or snow).	A sudden jerk; a quick throw or cast; a darting motion	A tentative or brief, passing engagement with something.	An act of flirting.	Russula vesca, an edible woodland mushroom.	Someone who flirts a lot or enjoys flirting; a flirtatious person.
flirt	verb	To blurt out.	To dart about; to move with quick, jerky motions.	To experiment, or tentatively engage, with; to become involved in passing with.	To jeer at; to mock.	To play at courtship; to talk with teasing affection, to insinuate sexual attraction in a playful (especially conversational) way.	To throw (something) with a jerk or sudden movement; to fling.
flirt	adj	Flirtatious.
damn	verb	To condemn as unfit, harmful, invalid, immoral or illegal.	To condemn.	To condemn; to declare guilty; to doom; to adjudge to punishment.	To curse; put a curse upon.	To invoke damnation; to curse.	To put out of favor; to ruin; to label negatively.
damn	adj	Generic intensifier. Fucking; bloody.
damn	adv	Very; extremely.
damn	intj	Used to express anger, irritation, disappointment, annoyance, contempt or surprise, etc. See also dammit.
damn	noun	A small, negligible quantity, being of little value; a whit or jot.	The smallest amount of concern or consideration.	The word "damn" employed as a curse.
unknown	adj	Not known; unidentified; not well known.
unknown	noun	A person of no identity; a nonentity.	A variable (usually x, y or z) whose value is to be found.	Any thing, place, or situation about which nothing is known; an unknown fact or piece of information.
unknown	verb	past participle of unknow
eighteen	num	The cardinal number occurring after seventeen and before nineteen, represented in Roman numerals as XVIII and in Arabic numerals as 18.
secure	adj	Certain to be achieved or gained; assured.	Confident in opinion; not entertaining, or not having reason to entertain, doubt; certain; sure; commonly used with of.	Firm and not likely to fail; stable.	Free from anxiety or doubt; unafraid.	Free from attack or danger; protected.	Free from the danger of theft; safe.	Free from the risk of eavesdropping, interception or discovery; secret.	Free from the risk of financial loss; reliable.	Overconfident; incautious; careless.
secure	verb	To get possession of; to make oneself secure of; to acquire certainly.	To make fast; to close or confine effectually; to render incapable of getting loose or escaping.	To make safe; to relieve from apprehensions of, or exposure to, danger; to guard; to protect.	To plight or pledge.	To put beyond hazard of losing or of not receiving; to make certain; to assure; frequently with against or from, or formerly with of.
noble	noun	A medieval gold coin of England in the 14th and 15th centuries, usually valued at 6s 8d.	An aristocrat; one of aristocratic blood.
noble	adj	Belonging to a class of grape cultivars traditionally considered most favorable for winemaking, usually encompassing the six: Merlot, Pinot Noir, Cabernet Sauvignon, Sauvignon blanc, Chardonnay, and Riesling.	Both isohedral and isogonal.	Grand; stately; magnificent; splendid.	Having honorable qualities; having moral eminence and freedom from anything petty, mean or dubious in conduct and character.	Of an element, unreactive.	Of exalted rank; of or relating to the nobility; distinguished from the masses by birth, station, or title; highborn.
tshirt		
revenge	noun	A win by a previous loser.	Any form of personal, retaliatory action against an individual, institution, or group for some alleged or perceived harm or injustice.
revenge	verb	To take one's revenge (on or upon someone).	To take revenge for (a particular harmful action) or on behalf of (its victim); to avenge.	To take vengeance; to revenge itself.
relaxed	adj	Free from tension or anxiety; at ease; leisurely.	Made more lenient; less strict; lax.	Made slack or feeble; weak, soft.	Of a muscle: soft, not tensed.	Without physical tension; in a state of equilibrium.
relaxed	verb	simple past and past participle of relax
Youve		
chill	noun	A chilling effect; an atmosphere of this.	A lack of warmth and cordiality; unfriendliness.	A moderate, but uncomfortable and penetrating coldness.	A sense of style; trendiness; savoir faire.	A sudden penetrating sense of cold, especially one that causes a brief trembling nerve response through the body; the trembling response itself; often associated with illness: fevers and chills, or susceptibility to illness.	An iron mould or portion of a mould, serving to cool rapidly, and so to harden, the surface of molten iron brought in contact with it.	An uncomfortable and numbing sense of fear, dread, anxiety, or alarm, often one that is sudden and usually accompanied by a trembling nerve response resembling the body's response to biting cold.	Calmness; equanimity.	The hardened part of a casting, such as the tread of a carriage wheel.
chill	adj	"Cool"; meeting a certain hip standard or garnering the approval of a certain peer group.	Calm, relaxed, easygoing.	Moderately cold or chilly.	Okay, not a problem.	Unwelcoming; not cordial.
chill	verb	To "hang", hang out; to spend time with another person or group.	To become cold.	To become hard by rapid cooling.	To discourage, depress.	To harden a metal surface by sudden cooling.	To lower the temperature of something; to cool.	To relax; to lie back; to take things easy.	To smoke marijuana.
chill	contraction	I will
agent	noun	A cheat who is assisted by dishonest casino staff.	A person who looks for work for another person and brokers a deal between the hiree and hirer.	A respectful term of address for an agent, especially a non-police law enforcement agent.	An active power or cause or substance; something (e.g. biological, chemical, thermal, etc.) that has the power to produce an effect.	In the client-server model, the part of the system that performs information preparation and exchange on behalf of a client or server. Especially in the phrase “intelligent agent” it implies some kind of autonomous process which can communicate with other agents to perform some collective task on behalf of one or more humans.	One who acts for, or in the place of, another (the principal), by that person's authority; someone entrusted to act on behalf of or in behalf of another, such as to transact business for them.	One who exerts power, or has the power to act.	Someone who works for an intelligence agency: whether an officer or employee thereof or anyone else who agrees to help their efforts (for ideology, for money, as blackmailee, or otherwise).	The participant of a situation that carries out the action in this situation, e.g. "the boy" in the sentences "The boy kicked the ball" and "The ball was kicked by the boy".
tremble	verb	To fear; to be afraid.	To shake, quiver, or vibrate.
tremble	noun	A shake, quiver, or vibration.
east	noun	In a church: the direction of the altar and chancel; the direction faced by the priest when celebrating ad orientem.	The direction of the earth's rotation, specifically 90°.	The eastern region or area; the inhabitants thereof.
east	adj	Blowing (as wind) from the east.	Designating, or situated in, the liturgical east.	From the East; oriental.	Of or pertaining to the east; eastern.	Situated or lying in or towards the east; eastward.
east	adv	towards the east; eastwards
hometown	noun	An individual’s place of birth, childhood home, or place of main residence.	Designating a decision or judgement that is biased, or perceived to be biased, in favour of local preference.
drama	noun	A composition, normally in prose, telling a story and intended to be represented by actors impersonating the characters and speaking the dialogue	A situation in real life that has the characteristics of such a theatrical play.	Rumor, lying or exaggerated reaction to life or online events; melodrama; an angry dispute or scene; a situation made more complicated or worse than it should be; intrigue or spiteful interpersonal maneuvering.	Such a work for television, radio or the cinema, usually one that is not a comedy.	Theatrical plays in general.
tease	verb	To backcomb.	To comb (originally with teasels) so that the fibres all lie in one direction.	To deliberately arouse someone sexually with no intention of satisfying that arousal.	To entice, tempt.	To manipulate or influence the behavior of, especially by repeated acts of irritation.	To poke fun at, either cruelly or affectionately in a playful way.	To provoke or disturb; to annoy.	To separate the fibres of (a fibrous material).	To show as forthcoming, in the manner of a teaser.
tease	noun	A single act of teasing.	One who deliberately arouses others (usually men) sexually with no intention of satisfying that arousal.	One who teases.
panic	adj	Alternative letter-case form of Panic (“pertaining to the Greek god Pan”).	Of fear, fright, etc: overwhelming or sudden.	Pertaining to or resulting from overwhelming fear or fright.
panic	noun	A highly amusing or entertaining performer, performance, or show; a riot, a scream.	A plant of the genus Panicum, or of similar plants of other genera (especially Echinochloa and Setaria) formerly included within Panicum; panicgrass or panic grass.	A rapid reduction in asset prices due to broad efforts to raise cash in anticipation of such prices continuing to decline.	Ellipsis of kernel panic (“on Unix-derived operating systems: an action taken by the operating system when it cannot recover from a fatal error”); (by extension) any computer system crash.	Foxtail millet or Italian millet (Setaria italica), the second-most widely grown species of millet.	Overwhelming fear or fright, often affecting groups of people or animals; (countable) an instance of this; a fright, a scare.	The edible grain obtained from one of the above plants.
panic	verb	Of a computer system: to crash.	To cause (a computer system) to crash.	To cause (someone) to feel panic (“overwhelming fear or fright”); also, to frighten (someone) into acting hastily.	To feel panic, or overwhelming fear or fright; to freak out, to lose one's head.	To highly amuse, entertain, or impress (an audience watching a performance or show).
pause	verb	To consider; to reflect.	To halt the play or playback of, temporarily, so that it can be resumed from the same point.	To hesitate; to hold back; to delay.	To interrupt an activity and wait.	To stop (an activity) for a while.	To take a temporary rest, take a break for a short period after an effort.
pause	noun	A break or paragraph in writing.	A short time for relaxing and doing something else.	A sign indicating continuance of a note or rest.	A temporary stop or rest; an intermission of action; interruption; suspension; cessation.	Alternative letter-case form of Pause (“a button that pauses or resumes something”).	Hesitation; suspense; doubt.	In writing and printing, a mark indicating the place and nature of an arrest of voice in reading; a punctuation mark.
pause	intj	Used immediately after a statement to indicate that there was no innuendo or homosexual meaning intended, especially when such a meaning is a reasonable interpretation.
anniversary	noun	A day subsequent in time to a given event by some significant period other than a year (especially as prefixed by the amount of time in question).	A day that is an exact number of years (to the day) since a given significant event occurred. Often preceded by an ordinal number indicating the number of years.	Such a day that commemorates a wedding.
happily	adv	By chance; perhaps.	By good chance; fortunately, successfully.	In a happy or cheerful manner; with happiness.	With good will; in all happiness; willingly.
flash	verb	To be visible briefly.	To blink; to shine or illuminate intermittently.	To break forth like a sudden flood of light; to show a momentary brilliance.	To burst out into violence.	To cause to shine briefly or intermittently.	To climb (a route) successfully on the first attempt.	To communicate quickly.	To cover with a thin layer, as objects of glass with glass of a different colour.	To evaporate suddenly. (See flash evaporation.)	To expand (blown glass) into a disc.	To expose one's intimate body part or undergarment, often momentarily and unintentionally. (Contrast streak.)	To flash back.	To flaunt; to display in a showy manner.	To make visible briefly.	To move, or cause to move, suddenly.	To perform a flash.	To release the pressure from a pressurized vessel.	To send by some startling or sudden means.	To strike and throw up large bodies of water from the surface; to splash.	To telephone a person, only allowing the phone to ring once, in order to request a call back.	To trick up in a showy manner.	To write to the memory of (an updatable component such as a BIOS chip or games cartridge).
flash	noun	A brief exposure or making visible (of a smile, badge, etc).	A flashlight; an electric torch.	A form of military insignia.	A language, created by a minority to maintain cultural identity, that cannot be understood by the ruling class.	A newsflash.	A pattern where each prop is thrown and caught only once.	A pool of water, in some areas especially one that is marshy, and/or one formed by subsidence of the ground due to mining. (Compare flush (“marsh; pool”).)	A preparation of capsicum, burnt sugar, etc., for colouring liquor to make it look stronger.	A reservoir and sluiceway beside a navigable stream, just above a shoal, so that the stream may pour in water as boats pass, and thus bear them over the shoal.	A sudden and brilliant burst, as of genius or wit.	A sudden, short, temporary burst of light.	A tattoo flash (example design on paper to give an idea of a possible tattoo).	A very short amount of time.	Any of various lycaenid butterflies of the genera Artipe, Deudorix and Rapala.	Clipping of camera flash (“a device used to produce a flash of artificial light to help illuminate a scene”).	Clipping of flash memory.	Ellipsis of hook flash.	Material left around the edge of a moulded part at the parting line of the mould.	Pizzazz, razzle-dazzle.	Synonym of flashback (“recurrence of the effects of a hallucinogenic drug”).	The (intentional or unintentional) exposure of an intimate body part or undergarment in public.	The strips of bright cloth or buttons worn around the collars of market traders.	The sudden sensation of being "high" after taking a recreational drug.
flash	adj	Expensive-looking and demanding attention; stylish; showy.	Having plenty of ready money.	Liable to show off expensive possessions or money.	Occurring very rapidly, almost instantaneously.	Relating to thieves and vagabonds.
thunder	noun	A deep, rumbling noise resembling thunder.	An alarming or startling threat or denunciation.	Synonym of thunder word.	The discharge of electricity; a thunderbolt.	The loud rumbling, cracking, or crashing sound caused by expansion of rapidly heated air around a lightning bolt.
thunder	verb	To (make something) move very fast (with loud noise).	To make a noise like thunder.	To produce something with incredible power.	To produce thunder; to sound, rattle, or roar, as a discharge of atmospheric electricity.	To say (something) with a loud, threatening voice.
suspend	verb	To bring a solid substance, usually in powder form, into suspension in a liquid.	To debar, or cause to withdraw temporarily, from any privilege, from the execution of an office, from the enjoyment of income, etc.	To discontinue or interrupt a function, task, position, or event.	To halt something temporarily.	To hang freely; underhang.	To hold in an undetermined or undecided state.	To make to depend.	To remove the value of an unused coupon from an air ticket, typically so as to allow continuation of the next sectors' travel.	To support in a liquid, as an insoluble powder, by stirring, to facilitate chemical action.
emotional	adj	Appealing to or arousing emotion.	Characterized by emotion.	Determined by strong emotion rather than purely logical reasoning.	Easily affected by emotion.	Of or relating to the emotions.	Overwhelmed by mixed emotions, moved, almost tearful.	Readily displaying emotion.
emotional	noun	An emotional person
convenience	noun	A convenient time.	Any object that makes life more convenient; a helpful item.	Ellipsis of public convenience (“a public lavatory”).	The quality of being convenient.
convenience	verb	To make convenient.
leather	noun	A cricket ball or football.	A good defensive play	A piece of the above used for polishing.	A punch.	A tough material produced from the skin of animals, by tanning or similar process, used e.g. for clothing; often denotes leather from cattle when no qualifier specifies otherwise.	Clipping of fruit leather.	The skin.	clothing made from the skin of animals, often worn by motorcycle riders.
leather	adj	Made of leather.	Referring to an establishment of familial relations through agreed sexual or romantic deviance.	Referring to one who wears leather clothing (motorcycle jacket, chaps over 501 jeans, boots), especially as a sign of sadomasochistic homosexuality.
leather	verb	To cover with leather.	To form a leathery surface (on).	To spank or beat with a leather belt or strap.	To strike forcefully.
stab	noun	A bacterial culture made by inoculating a solid medium, such as gelatin, with the puncture of a needle or wire.	A single staccato chord that adds dramatic impact to a composition.	A wound made by stabbing.	An act of stabbing or thrusting with an object.	An attempt.	Clipping of establishment.	Criticism.	Pain inflicted on a person's feelings.	The horizontal or vertical stabilizer of an aircraft.
stab	verb	To cause a sharp, painful sensation (often used with at).	To guide the end of a pipe into a coupling when making up a connection.	To injure secretly or by malicious falsehood or slander.	To pierce folded sheets, near their back edges, for the passage of thread or wire.	To pierce or to wound (somebody) with a (usually pointed) tool or weapon, especially a knife or dagger.	To recklessly hit with the tip of a (usually pointed) object, such as a weapon or finger (often used with at).	To roughen a brick wall with a pick so as to hold plaster.	To thrust in a stabbing motion.
stab	adj	Clipping of established.
City	name	Any of several other cities in metropolitan areas (such as San Francisco).	Manchester City Football Club, an English football club.	The City of London, the historic core of London where the Roman settlement of Londinium was established.	The United Kingdom's financial industries, which are principally based in the City of London.	The borough of Manhattan, the historic core of New York.
hint	noun	A clue.	A small, barely detectable amount.	An implicit suggestion that avoids a direct statement.	An instruction to the database engine as to how a query should be executed, for example whether to use an index or not.	An opportunity; occasion; fit time.	Information in a computer-based font that suggests how the outlines of the font's glyphs should be distorted in order to produce, at specific sizes, a visually appealing pixel-based rendering; an instance of hinting.
hint	verb	To bring to mind by a slight mention or remote allusion; to suggest in an indirect manner.	To develop and add hints to a font.	To imply without a direct statement; to provide a clue.
hint	intj	Signifies that something previously said should be taken as a hint or heeded closely.
squeeze	verb	To apply pressure to from two or more sides at once.	To attempt to score a runner from third by bunting.	To embrace closely; to give a tight hug to.	To fit into a tight place.	To oppress with hardships, burdens, or taxes; to harass.	To put in a difficult position by presenting two or more choices.	To remove something with difficulty, or apparent difficulty.
squeeze	noun	A bribe, fee, or extortionary price paid to a middleman, especially in China; the practice of requiring such a bribe or fee.	A close or tight fit.	A difficult position.	A hug or other affectionate grasp.	A moulding, cast or other impression of an object, chiefly a design, inscription etc., especially by pressing wet paper onto the surface and peeling off when dry.	A person's neck.	A play that forces an opponent to discard a card that gives up one or more tricks.	A romantic partner.	A traversal of a narrow passage.	An illicit alcoholic drink made by squeezing Sterno through cheesecloth, etc., and mixing the result with fruit juice.	An instance of squeezing.	The act of bunting in an attempt to score a runner from third.	The gradual closing of workings by the weight of the overlying strata.	The situation experienced by a middleman when pressured from both sides, especially financially.
Hebrew	adj	Of or pertaining to the Hebrew people or language.
Hebrew	noun	A descendant of the biblical Patriarch Eber.	A member or descendant of a Semitic people claiming descent from Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob.	The Semitic language spoken by the Hebrew people.	The writing system used in Hebrew language.	Unintelligible speech or writing.
gunshot	noun	A bullet, projectile, or other shot fired from a gun.	The act of discharging a firearm.	The distance to which shot can be thrown from a gun; the reach or range of a gun.
cellphone	noun	Alternative form of cell phone.
cellphone	verb	To make a call on a cellphone.
demonstrate	verb	To participate in or organize a demonstration.	To show how to use (something).	To show the steps taken to create a logical argument or equation.	To show, display, or present; to prove or make evident
log	noun	A Hebrew unit of liquid volume (about ¹⁄₃ liter).	A blockhead; a very stupid person.	A chronological record of actions, performances, computer/network usage, etc.	A difference of one in the logarithm, usually in base 10; an order of magnitude.	A floating device, usually of wood, used in navigation to estimate the speed of a vessel through water.	A heavy longboard.	A logbook, or journal of a vessel's (or aircraft's) progress.	A penis.	A piece of feces.	A rolled cake with filling.	A unit of length equivalent to 16 feet, used for measuring timber, especially the trunk of a tree.	A weight or block near the free end of a hoisting rope to prevent it from being drawn through the sheave.	Any bulky piece as cut from the above, used as timber, fuel etc.	Anything shaped like a log; a cylinder.	Specifically, an append-only sequential record of events written to a file, display, or other data stream.	Synonym of logarithm.	The trunk of a dead tree, cleared of branches.
log	verb	To cut down (trees).	To cut down trees in an area, harvesting and transporting the logs as wood.	To cut trees into logs.	To log out; to disconnect from an online video game.	To make, to add an entry (or more) in a log or logbook.	To move to and fro; to rock.	To travel (a distance) as shown in a logbook.	To travel at a specified speed, as ascertained by a chip log.
grain	noun	A blade of a sword, knife, etc.	A branch of a tree; a stalk or stem of a plant; an offshoot.	A branch or arm of a stream, inlet, or sea.	A fork in a river valley or ravine.	A linear texture of a material or surface.	A reddish dye made from the coccus insect, or kermes; hence, a red color of any tint or hue, as crimson, scarlet, etc.; sometimes used by the poets as equivalent to Tyrian purple.	A region within a material having a single crystal structure or direction.	A rounded prominence on the back of a sepal, as in the common dock.	A single particle of a substance.	A single seed of grass food crops.	A thin piece of metal, used in a mould to steady a core.	A tine, prong, or fork.	An arm of a cross.	An iron fish spear or harpoon, with a number of points half-barbed inwardly.	Any of various small units of length originally notionally based on a grain's width, variously standardized at different places and times.	Any of various small units of mass originally notionally based on grain's weight, variously standardized at different places and times, including	One of the branches of a valley or river.	Similar seeds from any food crop, e.g., buckwheat, amaranth, quinoa.	Temper; natural disposition; inclination.	The English grain of ¹⁄₅₇₆₀ troy pound or ¹⁄₇₀₀₀ pound avoirdupois, now exactly 64.79891 mg.	The French grain of ¹⁄₉₂₁₆ livre, equivalent to 53.11 mg at metricization and equal to exactly 54.25 mg from 1812–1839 as part of the mesures usuelles.	The branch of a family; clan.	The carat grain of ¹⁄₄ carat as a measure of gold purity, creating a 96-point scale between 0% and 100% purity.	The crops from which grain is harvested.	The fangs of a tooth.	The groin; crotch.	The hair side of a piece of leather, or the marking on that side.	The harvested seeds of various grass food crops eg: wheat, corn, barley.	The metric, carat, or pearl grain of ¹⁄₄ carat used for measuring precious stones and pearls, now exactly 50 mg.	The remains of grain, etc., after brewing or distillation; hence, any residuum.	The solid piece of fuel in an individual solid-fuel rocket engine.	Visual texture in processed photographic film due to the presence of small particles of a metallic silver, or dye clouds, developed from silver halide that have received enough photons.
grain	verb	To feed grain to.	To form grains, or to assume a granular form, as the result of crystallization; to granulate.	To make granular; to form into grains.	To remove the hair or fat from a skin.	To soften leather.	To texture a surface in imitation of the grain of a substance such as wood.	To yield fruit.
objective	adj	Based on observed facts; without purely subjective assessment.	Not influenced by the strong emotions or prejudices.	Of or relating to a material object, actual existence or reality.	Of, or relating to a noun or pronoun used as the object of a verb.	Of, or relating to verbal conjugation that indicates the object (patient) of an action. (In linguistic descriptions of Tundra Nenets, among others.)
objective	noun	A goal that is striven for.	A material object that physically exists.	The lens or lenses of a camera, microscope, or other optical device closest to the object being examined.	The objective case.	a noun or pronoun in the objective case.
lottery	noun	A scheme for the distribution of prizes by lot or chance, especially a gaming scheme in which one or more tickets bearing particular numbers draw prizes, the other tickets are blanks.	Allotment; a thing allotted.	Something decided by chance.
Soviet	noun	A citizen of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.	Alternative letter-case form of soviet (“workers' council”).
Soviet	adj	Pertaining to the Soviet Union or its constituent republics.	Supporting or representing the Soviet Union or Sovietism; Sovietist.
trace	noun	A connecting bar or rod, pivoted at each end to the end of another piece, for transmitting motion, especially from one plane to another; specifically, such a piece in an organ stop action to transmit motion from the trundle to the lever actuating the stop slider.	A current-carrying conductive pathway on a printed circuit board.	A mark left as a sign of passage of a person or animal.	A sequence of instructions, including branches but not loops, that is executed for some input data.	A small amount of rain, not enough to be measured.	A very small amount, often residual, of some substance or material.	An act of tracing.	An empty category occupying a position in the syntactic structure from which something has been moved, used to explain constructions such as wh-movement and the passive.	An enquiry sent out for a missing article, such as a letter or an express package.	An informal road or prominent path in an arid area.	One of two straps, chains, or ropes of a harness, extending from the collar or breastplate to a whippletree attached to a vehicle or thing to be drawn; a tug.	The ground plan of a work or works.	The intersection of a plane of projection, or an original plane, with a coordinate plane.	The sum of the diagonal elements of a square matrix.
trace	adj	Extremely small or insignificant (of an amount or quantity).
trace	verb	To copy onto a sheet of paper superimposed over the original, by drawing over its lines.	To copy; to imitate.	To draw or sketch lightly or with care.	To follow the execution of the program by making it to stop after every instruction, or by making it print a message after every step.	To follow the history of.	To follow the trail of.	To walk over; to pass through; to traverse.	To walk; to go; to travel.
18	noun	Clipping of 1800 (“1800° spin”).
ignorant	adj	Ill-mannered, crude.	Not knowing (a fact or facts), unaware (of something).	Resulting from ignorance; foolish; silly.	Unknowledgeable or uneducated; characterized by ignorance.	unknown; undiscovered
ignorant	noun	One who is ignorant.
bug	noun	A bedbug.	A concealed electronic eavesdropping or intercept device.	A contagious illness, or a pathogen causing it.	A keen enthusiast or hobbyist.	A limited form of wild card in some variants of poker.	A lobster.	A manually positioned marker in flight instruments.	A metal clip attached to the underside of a table, etc. to hold hidden cards, as a form of cheating.	A problem that needs fixing.	A semi-automated telegraph key.	A small and usually invisible file (traditionally a single-pixel image) on a World Wide Web page, primarily used to track users.	A small piece of metal used in a slot machine to block certain winning combinations.	A small, usually transparent or translucent image placed in a corner of a television program to identify the broadcasting network or cable channel.	A trilobite.	A young apprentice jockey.	An asterisk denoting an apprentice jockey's weight allowance.	An enthusiasm for something; an obsession.	An insect of the order Hemiptera (the “true bugs”).	Any insect, arachnid, myriapod or entognath.	Any insect, arachnid, or other terrestrial arthropod that is a pest.	Any minibeast.	Any of various species of marine or freshwater crustaceans; e.g. a Moreton Bay bug, mudbug.	HIV.	Hobgoblin, scarecrow; anything that terrifies.	Synonym of oil bug.	Synonym of union bug.
bug	verb	To act suspiciously or irrationally, especially in a way that annoys others.	To annoy.	To bulge or protrude.	To install an electronic listening device or devices in.
cloudy	adj	Containing pith	Covered with or characterised by clouds.	Having cloudlike markings.	Not transparent or clear.	Uncertain; unclear.	Using or relating to cloud computing.	shady; sketchy; suspicious
shade	noun	A candle-shade.	A cover around or above a light bulb, a lampshade.	A ghost or specter; a spirit.	A postage stamp showing an obvious difference in colour/color to the original printing and needing a separate catalogue/catalog entry.	A subtle variation in a concept.	A variety of a color, in particular one obtained by adding black (compare tint).	A very small degree of a quantity, or variety of meaning	An aspect that is reminiscent of something.	Darkness where light, particularly sunlight, is blocked.	Something that blocks light, particularly in a window.	Subtle insults.
shade	verb	To alter slightly.	To darken, particularly in drawing.	To move slightly from one's normal fielding position.	To present a shadow or image of; to shadow forth; to represent.	To reduce (a window) so that only its title bar is visible.	To shelter; to cover from injury; to protect; to screen.	To shield (someone or something) from light.	To shield oneself from light.	To throw shade, to subtly insult someone.	To vary or approach something slightly, particularly in color.	To win by a narrow margin.
excitement	noun	Something that excites.	The state of being excited (emotionally aroused).
horn	noun	A conical device used to direct waves.	A curved projection on the fore part of a plane.	A diacritical mark that may be attached to the top right corner of the letters o and u when writing in Vietnamese, thus forming ơ and ư.	A hard growth of keratin that protrudes from the top of the head of certain animals, usually paired.	A loud alarm, especially one on a motor vehicle.	A peninsula or projecting tract of land.	A sound signaling the expiration of time.	A telephone.	A vessel made from a horn, to contain drink, ink, gunpowder, etc.	An antler.	An erection of the penis.	An incurved, tapering and pointed appendage found in the flowers of the milkweed (Asclepias).	An instrument resembling a musical horn and used to signal others.	An object whose shape resembles a horn, such as cornucopia or the point of an anvil.	Any of several musical wind instruments.	Any similar real or imaginary growth or projection such as the elongated tusk of a narwhal, the eyestalk of a snail, the pointed growth on the nose of a rhinoceros, or the hornlike projection on the head of a demon or similar.	Generally, any brass wind instrument.	In naval mine warfare, a projection from the mine shell of some contact mines which, when broken or bent by contact, causes the mine to fire.	One of the projections at the four corners of the Jewish altar of burnt offering.	One of the two corners of a crescent, particularly of the crescent moon	The Ionic volute.	The hard substance from which animals' horns are made, sometimes used by man as a material for making various objects.	The high pommel of a saddle; also, either of the projections on a lady's saddle for supporting the leg.	The outer end of a crosstree; also, one of the projections forming the jaws of a gaff, boom, etc.
horn	verb	To assault with the horns.	To cuckold.	To furnish with horns.	To sound the horn of a motor vehicle; to honk.
misfortune	noun	An undesirable event such as an accident.	Bad luck.
wander	verb	Of the mind, to lose focus or clarity of argument or attention.	To commit adultery.	To go somewhere indirectly or at varying speeds; to move in a curved path.	To move without purpose or specified destination; often in search of livelihood.	To stray; stray from one's course; err.
wander	noun	An act or instance of wandering.	Deviation from a correct or normal value.
pattern	noun	A configuration of cells in a cellular automaton universe.	A copy.	A design pattern.	A design, motif or decoration, especially formed from regular repeated elements.	A full-sized model around which a mould of sand is made, to receive the melted metal. It is usually made of wood and in several parts, so as to be removed from the mould without damage.	A naturally-occurring or random arrangement of shapes, colours etc. which have a regular or decorative effect.	A particular sequence of events, facts etc. which can be understood, used to predict the future, or seen to have a mathematical, geometric, statistical etc. relationship.	A representative example.	A sample; of coins, an example which was struck but never minted.	A sequence of notes, percussion etc. in a tracker module, usable once or many times within the song.	A text string containing wildcards, used for matching.	A wont or habit to cause an annoyance or bother; to stir up trouble	An intelligible arrangement in a given area of language.	Any arrangement or agreement, or way of conducting business.	Coherent or decorative arrangement.	Model, example.	Someone or something seen as an example to be imitated; an exemplar.	Something from which a copy is made; a model or outline.	The devotions that take place within a parish on the feast day of the patron saint of that parish.	The given spread, range etc. of shot fired from a gun.	The material needed to make a piece of clothing.	The paper or cardboard template from which the parts of a garment are traced onto fabric prior to cutting out and assembling.
pattern	verb	To apply a pattern.	To arrange the sale or supply of something, especially illegal drugs.	To arrange, to organise, to fix.	To assault.	To do or perform an activity	To fit into a pattern.	To follow an example.	To have sex with.	To make or design (anything) by, from, or after, something that serves as a pattern; to copy; to model; to imitate.	To observe an animal closely over time in order to discern its habitual movements and behaviours.	To serve as an example for.	To teach someone a lesson.
pattern	adj	Of or in accordance with a usual pattern, or type; model; ideal.
sample	noun	A part or snippet of something taken or presented for inspection, or shown as evidence of the quality of the whole; a specimen.	A small piece of some goods, for determining quality, colour, etc., typically given away for free.	A small quantity of food for tasting, typically given away for free.	A subset or portion of a population that is systematically selected for measurement, observation, or questioning, with the objective of generating statistical information that accurately reflects the characteristics of the entire population.	Example; pattern.	Gratuitous borrowing of easily recognised phases (or moments) from other music (or movies) in a recording.
sample	verb	To make or show something similar to a sample.	To reduce a continuous signal (such as a sound wave) to a discrete signal.	To reuse a portion of (an existing sound recording) in a new piece of music.	To take or to test a sample or samples of.
mall	noun	A heavy wooden mallet or hammer used in the game of pall mall.	A pedestrianised street, especially a shopping precinct.	A public walk; a level shaded walk, a promenade.	An alley where the game of pall mall was played.	An enclosed shopping centre.	An old game played with malls or mallets and balls; pall mall.	The game of polo.
mall	verb	to beat with a mall, or mallet; to beat with something heavy; to bruise	to build up with the development of shopping malls	to shop at the mall
receipt	noun	(A piece of) evidence (e.g. documentation or screen captures) of past wrongdoing.	(A piece of) evidence, documentation, etc. to prove one's past actions, accomplishments, etc.	A quantity or amount received; takings.	A receptacle.	A recess; a retired place.	A recipe, instructions, prescription.	A revenue office.	A written acknowledgment that a specified article or sum of money has been received.	Capability of receiving; capacity.	Reception, as an act of hospitality.	The act of receiving, or the fact of having been received.	The fact of having received a blow, injury etc.
receipt	verb	To give or write a receipt (for something).	To put a receipt on, as by writing or stamping; to mark a bill as having been paid.
25		
maid	noun	A female servant or cleaner (short for maidservant).	A girl or an unmarried young woman; maiden.	A virgin, now female but originally one of either gender.
district	noun	A specific, usually named area of the coalface where particular seams are worked.	An administrative division of a county without the status of a borough.	An administrative division of an area.	An area or region marked by some distinguishing feature.
district	verb	To divide into administrative or other districts.
district	adj	rigorous; stringent; harsh
toss	noun	A handover from one presenter to another, announced by the first presenter.	A haughty throwing up of the head.	A measure of sprats.	A state of agitation; commotion.	A throw, a lob, of a ball etc., with an initial upward direction, particularly with a lack of care.	An act of masturbation.	Concern or consideration.	Nonsense; drivel.	The coin toss before a cricket match in order to decide who bats first, or before a football match in order to decide the direction of play.
toss	verb	To agitate; to make restless.	To be tossed, as a fleet on the ocean, or as a ship in heavy seas.	To discard; to throw away.	To drink in large draughts; to gulp.	To flip a coin, to decide a point of contention.	To keep in play; to tumble over.	To lift with a sudden or violent motion.	To masturbate.	To peak (the oars), to lift them from the rowlocks and hold them perpendicularly, the handle resting on the bottom of the boat.	To roll and tumble; to be in violent commotion.	To search (a room or a cell), sometimes leaving visible disorder, as for valuables or evidence of a crime.	To stir or mix (a salad).	To subject to trials; to harass.	To throw with an initial upward direction.	To vomit.
bribe	noun	Something (usually money) given in exchange for influence or as an inducement to breaking the law.	That which seduces; seduction; allurement.	The act of offering or paying such a payment: an act of bribery.
bribe	verb	To gain by a bribe; to induce as by a bribe.	To give a bribe to; specifically, to ask a person to do something against their original will, in exchange for some type of reward or relief from potential trouble.
tidy	adj	Appropriate or suitable as regards occasion, circumstances, arrangement, or order.	Arranged neatly and in order.	Brave; smart; skillful; fine; good.	Generous, considerable.	In good time; at the right time; timely; seasonable; opportune; favourable; fit; suitable.	Normalized in a certain way that optimizes for data analysis.	Not messy; neat and controlled.	Satisfactory; comfortable.
tidy	verb	To make tidy; to neaten.
tidy	noun	A child's pinafore.	A container or other device for storing or organizing loose items in a tidy fashion.	A cover, often of tatting, drawn work, or other ornamental work, for the back of a chair, the arms of a sofa, etc.	The wren.
tidy	intj	Expression of agreement or positive acknowledgement, usually in reply to a question; great, fine.
necklace	noun	A device used in necklacing (an informal execution); a rubber tyre that is filled with petrol. It is placed around the victim's chest and arms, and set on fire.	An article of jewelry that is worn around the neck, most often made of a string of precious metal, pearls, gems, beads or shells, and sometimes having a pendant attached.	Anything resembling a necklace in shape.
necklace	verb	To informally execute by necklacing; by setting on fire a petrol-filled rubber tyre which has been put around the bound victim's neck.
killer	noun	A club used for killing fish.	A knockout form of darts or pool involving several players.	A particularly heavy type of handstamp, or portion of one, often obscuring a large part of the postage stamp.	A remarkably impressive person or thing.	Ellipsis of killer whale.	One who or that which kills.	Something that is so far ahead of its competition that it effectively kills off that competition.	Synonym of virama (“kind of diacritical mark”).	That which causes stress or is extremely difficult, especially that which may cause failure at a task.
killer	adj	Causing death, destruction, or obliteration.	Distressing, uncomfortable.	Excellent, very good, cool.
fourth	adj	The ordinal form of the number four.
fourth	noun	A musical interval which spans four degrees of the diatonic scale, for example C to F (C D E F).	A quarter, one of four equal parts of a whole.	One sixtieth of a third or tierce.	The fourth gear of an engine.	The person or thing in the fourth position.
fourth	verb	To agree with a proposition or statement after it has already been thirded.
mysterious	adj	Deliberately evasive or enigmatic.	Difficult to understand.	Having unknown qualities.	Of unknown origin.
dedicate	verb	To address or inscribe (a literary work, for example) to another as a mark of respect or affection.	To commit (oneself) to a particular course of thought or action.	To open (a building, for example) to public use.	To set apart for a deity or for religious purposes; consecrate.	To set apart for a special use.	To show to the public for the first time.
dedicate	adj	Dedicated; set apart; devoted; consecrated.
dedicate	noun	One who dedicates themselves, or who is dedicated, to the service of some leader, religion, etc.
chemical	adj	Of or relating to a material or processes not commonly found in nature or in a particular product.	Of or relating to alchemy.	Of or relating to chemistry.
chemical	noun	An addictive drug.	An artificial chemical compound.	Any specific chemical element or chemical compound or alloy.
launch	verb	Of a ship, rocket, balloon, etc.: to depart on a voyage; to take off.	To cause (a rocket, balloon, etc., or the payload thereof) to begin its flight upward from the ground.	To cause (a vessel) to move or slide from the land or a larger vessel into the water; to set afloat.	To move with force and swiftness like a sliding from the stocks into the water; to plunge; to begin.	To pierce with, or as with, a lance.	To release; to put onto the market for sale	To send out; to start (someone) on a mission or project; to give a start to (something); to put in operation	To start (a program or feature); to execute or bring into operation.	To start to operate.	To throw (a projectile such as a lance, dart or ball); to hurl; to propel with force.
launch	noun	A boat used to convey guests to and from a yacht.	An event held to celebrate the launch of a ship/vessel, project, a new book, etc.; a launch party.	An open boat of any size powered by steam, petrol, electricity, etc.	The act or fact of launching (a ship/vessel, a project, a new book, etc.).	The boat of the largest size and/or of most importance belonging to a ship of war, and often called the "captain's boat" or "captain's launch".	The movement of a vessel from land into the water; especially, the sliding on ways from the stocks on which it is built. (Compare: to splash a ship.)
analysis	noun	A broad field of study in modern mathematics (often mentioned alongside algebra) which developed out of the calculus, concerned with the behavior of functions, sequences, series, limits, metric spaces, measures and more.	Decomposition into components in order to study (a complex thing, concept, theory etc.).	Proof by deduction from known truths.	Psychoanalysis.	The analytical study of melodies, harmonies, sequences, repetitions, variations, quotations, juxtapositions, and surprises.	The process of breaking down a substance into its constituent parts, or the result of this process.	The result of such a process.
Johnson	name	A city in Washington County, Arkansas.	A ghost town in Kane County, Utah.	A hamlet in Orange County, New York.	A locality in Cochise County, Arizona.	A male given name transferred from the surname.	A minor city in Big Stone County, Minnesota.	A number of places in the United States founded by people with the surname:	A number of townships in the United States, listed under Johnson Township.	A patrilineal surname transferred from the given name. The second most common surname in the United States.	A town and village therein, in Lamoille County, Vermont.	A town in Marathon County, Wisconsin.	A town in Pottawatomie County, Oklahoma.	A township in Algoma District, Ontario, Canada.	A village in Nemaha County, Nebraska.	An unincorporated community in Cabell County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Fayette County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Gibson County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Perry County, Kentucky.	An unincorporated community in Sussex County, Delaware.	An unincorporated community in Whitman County, Washington.	An unincorporated community in the town of Easton, Marathon County, Wisconsin.
Johnson	noun	Alternative letter-case form of johnson (“penis”).
mankind	noun	Human feelings; humanity.	Men collectively, as opposed to all women.	The human race in its entirety.
racket	noun	A broad wooden shoe or patten for a man or horse, to allow walking on marshy or soft ground.	A carouse; any reckless dissipation.	A loud noise.	A snowshoe formed of cords stretched across a long and narrow frame of light wood.	An illegal scheme for profit; a fraud or swindle; or both coinstantiated.	An implement with a handle connected to a round frame strung with wire, sinew, or plastic cords, and used to hit a ball, such as in tennis or a shuttlecock in badminton.	Any industry or enterprise.	Something taking place considered as exciting, trying, unusual, etc. or as an ordeal.
racket	verb	To be dissipated; to carouse.	To make a clattering noise.	To strike with, or as if with, a racket.
vary	verb	Not to remain constant: to change with time or a similar parameter.	To be or act different from the usual.	To change with time or a similar parameter.	To disagree; to be at variance or in dissension.	To display differences.	To embellish; to change fancifully; to present under new aspects, as of form, key, measure, etc. See variation.	To institute a change in, from a current state; to modify.	To make of different kinds; to make different from one another; to diversify; to variegate.
vary	noun	alteration; change.
strongly	adv	In a strong or powerful manner.	Very much.
fundamental	noun	A basic truth, elementary concept, principle, rule, or law. An individual fundamental will often serve as a building block used to form a complex idea.	A collection of essential component ideas that are often grouped together to serve as the foundational basis of a complex idea.	The lowest frequency of a periodic waveform.	The lowest partial of a complex tone.
fundamental	adj	Essential; extremely important.	Related to a foundation, base, or basis; serving as a foundation.
dispute	noun	An argument or disagreement, a failure to agree.	Verbal controversy or disagreement; altercation; debate.
dispute	verb	to contend in argument; to argue against something maintained, upheld, or claimed, by another.	to make a subject of disputation; to argue pro and con; to discuss	to oppose by argument or assertion; to controvert; to express dissent or opposition to; to call in question; to deny the truth or validity of	to strive or contend about; to contest	to struggle against; to resist
drag	noun	A device dragged along the bottom of a body of water in search of something, e.g. a dead body, or in fishing.	A device for guiding wood to the saw.	A double drum-stroke played at twice the speed of the context in which it is placed.	A drag king or drag queen.	A heavy harrow for breaking up ground.	A kind of sledge for conveying heavy objects; also, a kind of low car or handcart.	A large amount of backspin on the cue ball, causing the cue ball to slow down.	A long open horse-drawn carriage with transverse or side seats.	A mailcoach.	A men's party attended in women's clothing.	A prison sentence of three months.	A puff on a cigarette or joint.	A pulled load.	A push somewhat under the centre of the cue ball, causing it to follow the object ball a short way.	A skid or shoe for retarding the motion of a carriage wheel.	A steel instrument for completing the dressing of soft stone.	A street.	A systematic search for someone over a wide area, especially by the authorities; a dragnet.	Any force acting in opposition to the motion of an object.	Any type of clothing or costume associated with a particular occupation or subculture.	Anything towed in the water to retard a ship's progress, or to keep her head up to the wind; especially, a canvas bag with a hooped mouth (drag sail), so used.	Men's clothing worn by women for the purpose of entertainment.	Motion affected with slowness and difficulty, as if clogged.	Resistance of a fluid to something moving through it.	Someone or something that is annoying or frustrating, or disappointing; an obstacle to progress or enjoyment.	The bottom part of a flask or mould, the upper part being the cope.	The bottom part of a sand casting mold.	The difference between the speed of a screw steamer under sail and that of the screw when the ship outruns the screw; or between the propulsive effects of the different floats of a paddle wheel.	The last position in a line of hikers.	The scent-path left by dragging a fox, or some other substance such as aniseed, for training hounds to follow scents.	Witch house music.	Women's clothing worn by men for the purpose of entertainment.
drag	verb	To act or proceed slowly or without enthusiasm; to be reluctant.	To break (land) by drawing a drag or harrow over it; to harrow.	To draw along (something burdensome); hence, to pass in pain or with difficulty.	To fish with a dragnet.	To hit or kick off target.	To inhale from a cigarette, cigar, etc.	To operate a pointing device by moving it with a button held down; to move, copy, etc. (an item) in this way.	To perform as a drag queen or drag king.	To play at a slower tempo than one is supposed to or than the other musicians one is playing with, or to inadvertently gradually decrease tempo while one is playing.	To proceed heavily, laboriously, or slowly; to advance with weary effort; to go on lingeringly.	To pull along a surface or through a medium, sometimes with difficulty.	To roast, say negative things about, or call attention to the flaws of (someone).	To search exhaustively, as if with a dragnet.	To search for something, as a lost object or body, by dragging something along the bottom of a body of water.	To serve as a clog or hindrance; to hold back.	To unintentionally rub or scrape on a surface.
deadline	noun	A boundary around a prison, prisoners crossing which would be shot.	A guideline marked on a plate for a printing press.	A line that does not move.	A time limit in the form of a date on or before which something must be completed.
deadline	verb	To render an item non-mission-capable; to ground an aircraft, etc.
pile	noun	A battery (simple device for converting chemical potential energy into usable electricity).	A battery consisting of repeated units of alternating types of metal; voltaic pile.	A beam, pole, or pillar, driven completely into the ground, usually as one of a group that constitutes a foundation.	A bundle of pieces of wrought iron to be worked over into bars or other shapes by rolling or hammering at a welding heat; a fagot.	A dart; an arrow.	A funeral pile; a pyre.	A group or list of related items up for consideration, especially in some kind of selection process.	A hemorrhoid.	A large amount of money.	A large building, or mass of buildings.	A large stake, or piece of pointed timber, steel etc., driven into the earth or sea-bed for the support of a building, a pier, or other superstructure, or to form a cofferdam, etc.	A list or league	A mass formed in layers.	A mass of things heaped together; a heap.	A vertical series of alternate disks of two dissimilar metals (especially copper and zinc), laid up with disks of cloth or paper moistened with acid water between them, for producing a current of electricity; a voltaic pile, or galvanic pile.	An atomic pile; an early form of nuclear reactor.	Hair, especially when very fine or short; the fine underfur of certain animals. (Formerly countable, now treated as a collective singular.)	One of the ordinaries or subordinaries having the form of a wedge, usually placed palewise, with the broadest end uppermost.	The head of an arrow or spear.	The raised hairs, loops or strands of a fabric; the nap of a cloth.	The reverse (or tails) of a coin.
pile	verb	(of vehicles) To create a hold-up.	To add something to a great number.	To cover with heaps; or in great abundance; to fill or overfill; to load.	To drive piles into; to fill with piles; to strengthen with piles.	To form a pile or heap.	To give a pile to; to make shaggy.	To lay or throw into a pile or heap; to heap up; to collect into a mass; to accumulate	To place (guns, muskets, etc.) together in threes so that they can stand upright, supporting each other.
visa	noun	A permit to enter and leave a country, normally issued by the authorities of the country to be visited.
visa	verb	To endorse (a passport, etc.).
hook	noun	A ball that is rolled in a curved line.	A barbed metal hook used for fishing; a fishhook.	A brief, punchy opening statement intended to get attention from an audience, reader, or viewer, and make them want to continue to listen to a speech, read a book, or watch a play.	A catchy musical phrase which forms the basis of a popular song.	A curveball.	A diacritical mark shaped like the upper part of a question mark, as in ỏ.	A field sown two years in succession.	A finesse.	A gimmick or element of a creative work intended to be attention-grabbing for the audience; a compelling idea for a story that will be sure to attract people's attention.	A golf shot that (for the right-handed player) curves unintentionally to the left. (See draw, slice, fade.)	A háček.	A jack (the playing card).	A knee-shaped wooden join connecting the keel to the stem (post forming the frontmost part of the bow) or the sternpost in cog-like vessels or similar vessels.	A loop shaped like a hook under certain written letters, for example, g and j.	A pickpocket.	A prostitute.	A rod bent into a curved shape, typically with one end free and the other end secured to a rope or other attachment.	A ship's anchor.	A snare; a trap.	A spit or narrow cape of sand or gravel turned landward at the outer end, such as Sandy Hook in New Jersey.	A tie-in to a current event or trend that makes a news story or editorial relevant and timely.	A type of shot played by swinging the bat in a horizontal arc, hitting the ball high in the air to the leg side, often played to balls which bounce around head height.	An advantageous hold.	An instance of playing a word perpendicular to a word already on the board, adding a letter to the start or the end of the word to form a new word.	Any of the chevrons denoting rank.	Any of various hook-shaped agricultural implements such as a billhook.	Part of a system's operation that can be intercepted to change or augment its behaviour.	Removal or expulsion from a group or activity.	Senses relating to sports.	Synonym of shoulder (“the part of a wave that has not yet broken”).	The amount of spin placed on a bowling ball.	The curved needle used in the art of crochet.	The part of a hinge which is fixed to a post, and on which a door or gate hangs and turns.	The projecting points of the thighbones of cattle; called also hook bones.	a basketball shot in which the offensive player, usually turned perpendicular to the basket, gently throws the ball with a sweeping motion of his arm in an upward arc with a follow-through which ends over his head. Also called hook shot.	a type of punch delivered with the arm rigid and partially bent and the fist travelling nearly horizontally mesially along an arc
hook	verb	To acquire as a spouse.	To attach a hook to.	To become attached, as by a hook.	To bend; to be curved.	To catch with a hook (hook a fish).	To connect (hook into, hook together).	To engage in prostitution.	To ensnare or obligate someone, as if with a hook.	To finesse.	To insert in a curved way reminiscent of a hook.	To make addicted; to captivate.	To move or go with a sudden turn.	To play a hook shot.	To play a word perpendicular to another word by adding a single letter to the existing word.	To seize or pierce with the points of the horns, as cattle in attacking enemies; to gore.	To steal.	To succeed in heeling the ball back out of a scrum (used particularly of the team's designated hooker).	To swerve a ball; kick or throw a ball so it swerves or bends.	To use the hockey stick to trip or block another player	To work yarn into a fabric using a hook; to crochet.
temporary	adj	Existing only for a short time or short times; transient, ephemeral.	Not permanent; existing only for a period or periods of time.
temporary	noun	A short-term variable used to store an intermediate result.	One serving for a limited time; a short-term employee, especially in an office.
chip	noun	A circuit fabricated in one piece on a small, thin substrate; a microchip.	A damaged area of a surface where a small piece has been broken off.	A deep-fried strip of potato; see also usage note at french fries.	A dried piece of dung, often used as fuel.	A hybrid device mounted in a substrate, containing electronic circuitry and miniaturised mechanical, chemical or biochemical devices.	A light shot with a downward slice, usually played from close to the net.	A low shot, usually played at short range around and onto a green, intended to travel a short distance through the air and roll the remainder of the way towards the hole.	A medallion.	A receptacle, usually for strawberries or other fruit.	A shot during which the ball travels more predominantly upwards than in a regular shot, as to clear an obstacle.	A small piece broken from a larger piece of solid material.	A small rectangle of colour printed on coated paper for colour selection and matching. A virtual equivalent in software applications.	A small, near-conical piece of food added in baking.	A sovereign (the coin).	A takeout that hits a rock at an angle.	A thin, crisp, fried slice of potato, a crisp; occasionally a similar fried slice of another vegetable or dried fruit.	A token used in place of cash.	A type of shot in various sports.	A very light shot that hits the cue ball so softly that it barely moves an object ball into a pocket without the cue ball going in as well.	Anything dried up, withered, or without flavour.	The smallest amount; a whit or jot.	The triangular piece of wood attached to the log line.	Wood or Cuban palm leaf split into slips, or straw plaited in a special manner, for making hats or bonnets.
chip	verb	To ante (up).	To beat (an opposing player) by use of a chip shot, such as by looping the ball over the head of the opposing goalkeeper.	To become chipped.	To break small pieces from.	To chisel (something), to chisel on (something).	To chop or cut into small pieces.	To contribute.	To fit (an animal) with a microchip.	To leave.	To make fun of.	To move (a ball) a relatively short distance by means of an oblique contact.	To strike or play (the ball or other implement) as a chip shot.	To upgrade an engine management system, usually to increase power.	To use a chisel.
oblige	verb	To be indebted to someone.	To constrain someone by force or by social, moral or legal means.	To do (someone) a service or favour (hence, originally, creating an obligation).
platform	noun	A flat expanse of rock, often the result of wave erosion.	A light deck, usually placed in a section of the hold or over the floor of the magazine.	A particular operating system or environment such as a database or other specific software, and/or a particular type of computer or microprocessor, used for running other software.	A place or an opportunity to express one's opinion.	A plan; a sketch; a model; a pattern.	A political stance on a broad set of issues, which are called planks.	A raised floor for any purpose, e.g. for workmen during construction, or formerly for military cannon.	A raised stage from which speeches are made and on which musical and other performances are made.	A raised structure or other area alongside rails or a driveway alongside which vehicles stop to take in and discharge passengers.	A software system used to provide online services to clients, such as social media, e-commerce, or cloud computing.	Ellipsis of car platform (“a set of components shared by several vehicle models”).	Ellipsis of platform shoe (“a kind of high shoe with an extra layer between the inner and outer soles”).	Something that allows an enterprise to advance.	sidewalk
platform	verb	To form a plan of; to model; to lay out.	To furnish with or shape into a platform	To include in a political platform	To open (a film) in a small number of theaters before a broader release in order to generate enthusiasm.	To place a train alongside a station platform.	To place on, or as if on, a platform.	To publish or make visible; to provide a platform for (a topic etc.).
junior	adj	Belonging to a younger person, or an earlier time of life.	Low in rank; having a subordinate role, job, or situation.	Of or pertaining to a league or competition limited to players below a certain age or level of experience.	Of or pertaining to a third academic year in a four-year high school (eleventh grade) or university.	Of or pertaining to the latter half of primary school education.	Younger.
junior	noun	A clothing size for girls or women.	A junior barrister.	A name suffix used after a son's name when his father has the same name (abbreviations: Jnr., Jr., Jun.).	A student in a junior school or the second part of a primary school.	A third-year student at a high school or university.	A younger person.
junior	verb	To have juniors (more advanced students) assist in instructing (beginners).	To work in a junior role (on something).
retirement	noun	A place of seclusion or privacy; a retreat.	An act of retiring; withdrawal.	The act of leaving one's career or employment permanently.	The state of being retired; seclusion.	The state of having permanently left one's employment, now especially at reaching pensionable age; the portion of one's life after retiring from one's career.
Father	name	God the Father, who eternally begets the Son.	God, the father of Creation.	One of the triune gods of the Horned God in Wicca, representing a man, younger than the elderly Sage and older than the boyish Master.	One's father.
Father	noun	A senator of Ancient Rome.	A title given to priests.	A title given to the personification of a force of nature or abstract concept, such as Father Time or Father Frost.	One of the chief ecclesiastical authorities of the first centuries after Christ.
seal	noun	A chakra.	A design or insignia usually associated with an organization or an official role.	A pinniped (Pinnipedia), particularly an earless seal (true seal) or eared seal.	A stamp used to impress a design on a soft substance such as wax.	A tight closure, secure against leakage.	An impression of such stamp on wax, paper or other material used for sealing.	Anything that secures or authenticates.	Confirmation or approval, or an indication of this.	Something designed to prevent liquids or gases from leaking through a joint.	Something which will be visibly damaged if a covering or container is opened, and which may or may not bear an official design.
seal	verb	To bind eternally as family members.	To close by means of a seal.	To close securely to prevent leakage.	To fasten (something) so that it cannot be opened without visible damage.	To fix, as a piece of iron in a wall, with cement or plaster, etc.	To form a sacred commitment.	To fry (meat) at a high temperature to retain the juices.	To guarantee.	To hunt seals.	To mark with a stamp, as an evidence of standard exactness, legal size, or merchantable quality.	To place a notation of one's next move in a sealed envelope to be opened after an adjournment.	To place a seal on (a document).	To place in a sealed container.	To prevent people or vehicles from crossing (something).	To tie up animals (especially cattle) in their stalls.
handkerchief	noun	A piece of cloth shaped like a handkerchief to be worn about the neck; a neckerchief or neckcloth.	A piece of cloth, usually square and often fine and elegant, carried for wiping the face, eyes, nose or hands. Example: He sneezed on his handkerchief during the meeting.
weakness	noun	A special fondness or obsessing desire.	An inadequate quality; fault.	The condition of being weak.
faithful	adj	Consistent with reality.	Engaging in sexual relations only with one's spouse or long-term sexual partner.	Having faith.	Injective in specific contexts, e.g. of representations in representation or functors in category theory.	Loyal; adhering firmly to person or cause.	Reliable; worthy of trust.	Whose annihilator is zero.
faithful	noun	Someone or something that is faithful or reliable.	The practicing members of a religion or followers of a cause.
grocery	noun	A shop or store that sells groceries; a grocery store.	Retail foodstuffs and other household supplies.
grocery	verb	To furnish with groceries.	To go grocery shopping.
thoroughly	adv	In a thorough or complete manner.
fortunate	adj	Auspicious.	Favored by fortune.	Happening by good luck or favorable chance.
opposition	noun	A political party or movement opposed to the party or government in power.	A position in which the player on the move must yield with his king allowing his opponent to advance with his own king.	An opposite or contrasting position.	In United States intellectual property law, a proceeding in which an interested party seeks to prevent the registration of a trademark or patent.	The action of opposing or of being in conflict.	The apparent relative position of two celestial bodies when one is at an angle of 180 degrees from the other as seen from the Earth.	The difference of quantity or quality between two propositions having the same subject and predicate.
tradition	noun	A commonly held system.	A part of culture that is passed from person to person or generation to generation, possibly differing in detail from family to family, such as the way to celebrate holidays.	An established or distinctive style or method	The act of delivering into the hands of another; delivery.
tradition	verb	To transmit by way of tradition; to hand down.
govern	verb	To control the actions or behavior of; to keep under control; to restrain.	To control the speed, flow etc. of; to regulate.	To direct the course of, to guide in some direction, to steer.	To exercise a deciding or determining influence on.	To exercise political authority; to run a government.	To handle, to manage, to oversee (a matter, an affair, a household, etc.).	To have or exercise a determining influence.	To look after, to take care of, to tend to (someone or some plant).	To make and administer the public policy and affairs of; to exercise sovereign authority in.	To manage, to control, to work (a tool or mechanical device).	To require that a certain preposition, grammatical case, etc. be used with a word; sometimes used synonymously with collocate.
govern	noun	The act of governing
legend	noun	A cool, nice or helpful person, especially one who is male.	A fabricated backstory for a spy, with associated documents and records.	A key to the symbols and color codes on a map, chart, etc.	A leading protagonist in a historical legend.	A musical composition set to a poetical story.	A person of extraordinary fame or accomplishments.	A person related to a legend or legends.	A plausible story set in the historical past, but whose historicity is uncertain.	A story in which a kernel of truth is embellished to an unlikely degree.	A story of unknown origin describing plausible but extraordinary past events.	An inscription, motto, or title, especially one surrounding the field in a medal or coin, or placed upon a heraldic shield or beneath an engraving or illustration.	An unrealistic story depicting past events.	The design and specification of a vessel.	the life story of a saint (such stories are often embellished, but any kind is called a legend)
legend	verb	To tell or narrate; to recount.
sympathy	noun	A feeling of pity or sorrow for the suffering or distress of another.	An affinity, association or mutual relationship between people or things such that they are correspondingly affected by any condition.	Artistic harmony, as of shape or colour in a painting.	Feeling of loyalty; tendency towards, agreement with or approval of an opinion or aim; a favorable attitude.	Inclination to think or feel alike; emotional or intellectual accord; common feeling.	Mutual or parallel susceptibility or a condition brought about by it.	Support in the form of shared feelings or opinions.	The ability to share the feelings of another.	The formal expression of pity or sorrow for someone else's misfortune.
homeless	adj	Containing no place that might be called home.	Lacking a permanent place of residence.
homeless	noun	A person who is homeless.
net	noun	A conductor that interconnects two or more component terminals.	A device made from such mesh, generally used for trapping something.	A device made from such mesh, used for catching fish, butterflies, etc.	A framework backed by a mesh, serving as the goal in hockey, soccer, lacrosse, etc.	A mesh of string, cord or rope.	A mesh stretched to divide the court in tennis, badminton, volleyball, etc.	A system that interconnects a number of users, locations etc. allowing transport or communication between them.	A trap.	Any set of polygons joined edge to edge that, when folded along the edges between adjoining polygons so that the outer edges touch, form a given polyhedron.	Anything that has the appearance of such a device.	The amount remaining after expenses or other kinds of deductions are subtracted.	The area of the court close to the net (mesh stretched to divide the court).
net	verb	To catch by means of a net.	To catch in a trap, or by stratagem.	To clean, wash, rinse.	To enclose or cover with a net.	To form a netting or network; to knit.	To fully hedge a position.	To hit the ball into the net.	To receive as profit.	To score (a goal).	To yield as profit for.
net	adj	Final; end.	Free from extraneous substances; pure; unadulterated; neat.	Good, desirable; clean, decent, clear.	Remaining after expenses or deductions.
net	adv	After expenses or deductions.
net	intj	Alternative spelling of nyet.
somethings	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of something
somethings	noun	plural of something
volume	noun	A bound book.	A great amount (of meaning) about something.	A modular foothold attached to a climbing wall used for gripping, often in triangular, pyramidal, or angular shapes.	A roll or scroll, which was the form of ancient books.	A rounded mass or convolution.	A single book of a publication issued in multi-book format, such as an encyclopedia.	A three-dimensional measure of space that comprises a length, a width and a height. It is measured in units of cubic centimeters in metric, cubic inches or cubic feet in English measurement.	An accessible storage area with a single file system, typically resident on a single partition of a hard disk.	Quantity.	Strength of sound; loudness.	The issues of a periodical over a period of one year.	The sum of the degrees of a set of vertices.	The total of weight worked by a muscle in one training session, the weight of every single repetition summed up.	The total supply of money in circulation or, less frequently, total amount of credit extended, within a specified national market or worldwide.
volume	verb	To be conveyed through the air, waft.	To cause to move through the air, waft.	To swell.
bare	adj	A lot or lots of.	Having had what usually covers (something) removed.	Having no decoration.	Having no supplies.	Mere; without embellishment.	Minimal; that is or are just sufficient.	Naked, uncovered.	Not insured.	Threadbare, very worn.	With head uncovered; bareheaded.	Without anything to cover up or conceal one's thoughts or actions; open to view; exposed.
bare	adv	Barely.	Very; significantly.	Without a condom.
bare	noun	Surface; body; substance.	That part of a roofing slate, shingle, tile, or metal plate, which is exposed to the weather.	The surface, the (bare) skin.
bare	verb	To uncover; to reveal.	simple past of bear
fairy	noun	A legendary Chinese immortal.	A male homosexual, especially one who is effeminate.	A member of two species of hummingbird in the genus Heliothryx.	A mythical being of human form with magical powers, known in many sizes and descriptions, although often depicted in modern illustrations only as a small sprite with gauze-like wings, especially one that is female. Fairies are revered in some modern forms of paganism.	An attractive young woman.	An effeminate man or boy.	An enchantress, or creature of overpowering charm.	The realm of faerie; enchantment, illusion.
fairy	adj	Like a fairy; fanciful, whimsical, delicate.
dive	verb	To cause to descend, dunk; to plunge something into water.	To deliberately fall down after a challenge, imitating being fouled, in the hope of getting one's opponent penalised.	To descend sharply or steeply.	To explore by diving; to plunge into.	To jump headfirst toward the ground or into another substance.	To jump into water head-first.	To leap while fielding to take a brilliant catch which usally results in a wicket and appreciation.	To lose altitude quickly by pointing downwards, as with a bird or aircraft.	To plunge or to go deeply into any subject, question, business, etc.; to penetrate; to explore.	To swim under water.	To undertake with enthusiasm.
dive	noun	A decline.	A deliberate fall after a challenge.	A downward swooping motion.	A headfirst jump toward the ground or into another substance.	A jump or plunge into water.	A seedy bar, nightclub, etc.	A swim under water.	Aerial descent with the nose pointed down.	Obsolete form of daeva.	plural of diva
impressive	adj	Appealing.	Capable of being impressed.	Making, or tending to make, a positive impression; having power to impress
louder	adj	comparative form of loud: more loud
define	verb	To demark sharply the outlines or limits of an area or concept.	To describe, explain, or make definite and clear; used to request the listener or other person to elaborate or explain more clearly his or her intended meaning of a word or expression.	To determine with precision; to mark out with distinctness; to ascertain or exhibit clearly.	To establish the referent of a term or notation.	To express the essential nature of something.	To settle, decide (an argument etc.)	To state the meaning of a word, phrase, sign, or symbol.
define	noun	A kind of macro in source code that replaces one text string with another wherever it occurs.
gorgeous	adj	Sumptuously dressed.	Very beautiful.	Very enjoyable, pleasant, tasty, etc.
amusing	verb	present participle and gerund of amuse
amusing	adj	Entertaining.	Funny, hilarious.
cabin	noun	A chalet or lodge, especially one that can hold large groups of people.	A private office; particularly of a doctor, businessman, lawyer, or other professional.	A private room on a ship.	A signal box.	A small dwelling characteristic of the frontier, especially when built from logs with simple tools and not constructed by professional builders, but by those who meant to live in it.	A small room; an enclosed place.	The interior of a boat, enclosed to create a small room, particularly for sleeping.	The passenger area of an airplane.	The section of a passenger plane having the same class of service.
cabin	verb	To limit the scope of.	To live in, or as if in, a cabin; to lodge.	To place in a cabin or other small space.
Native	adj	Aboriginal to a colonized region, especially one colonized by English-speaking people. (Compare native, which is more general.)	Aboriginal; of or relating to Australian Aboriginal peoples, Aborigines.	Indian: Native American or First Nation; of or relating to (North) American Indians.	Related to black Africans, especially Bantu.
Native	noun	A Native American.	A black African, especially a Bantu.	An Aborigine.	An aboriginal inhabitant of a colonized region, especially one colonized by English-speaking people. (Compare native, which is more general.)
'	symbol	See ’
'	particle	See -'.
tone	noun	(in a Gregorian chant) A recitational melody.	(in the diatonic scale) An interval of a major second.	A specific pitch.	A whining style of speaking; a kind of mournful or artificial strain of voice; an affected speaking with a measured rhythm and a regular rise and fall of the voice.	Normal tension or responsiveness to stimuli.	State of mind; temper; mood.	The character of a sound, especially the timbre of an instrument or voice.	The definition and firmness of a muscle or organ; see also: tonus.	The favourable effect of a picture produced by the combination of light and shade, or of colours.	The general character, atmosphere, mood, or vibe (of a situation, place, etc.).	The manner in which speech or writing is expressed, especially the aspects of diction (word choice), connotation, emotiveness, and register.	The pitch of a word's sound that distinguishes a difference in meaning, as for example in Chinese.	The quality of being respectable or admirable.	The shade or quality of a colour.	The state of a living body or of any of its organs or parts in which the functions are healthy and performed with due vigor.	a gun
tone	verb	to change the colour of	to give a particular tone to	to make (something) firmer	to utter with an affected tone.
tone	pron	the one (of two)
logic	adj	Logical.
logic	noun	A formal or informal language together with a deductive system or a model-theoretic semantics.	A method of human thought that involves thinking in a linear, step-by-step manner about how a problem can be solved. Logic is the basis of many principles including the scientific method.	A system of thought or collection of rhetoric, especially one associated with a social practice.	Any system of thought, whether rigorous and productive or not, especially one associated with a particular person.	The mathematical study of relationships between rigorously defined concepts and of mathematical proof of statements.	The part of a system (usually electronic) that performs the boolean logic operations, short for logic gates or logic circuit.	The study of the principles and criteria of valid inference and demonstration.
logic	verb	To apply logical reasoning to.	To engage in excessive or inappropriate application of logic.	To overcome by logical argument.
Chris	name	A diminutive of the female given name (along with other variant forms) Christina.	A diminutive of the male given names Christopher or (less commonly) Christian.
Meg	name	A diminutive of the female given names Margaret or Megan.	Initialism of Meghalaya.
Meg	noun	Megalodon.
endure	verb	To continue or carry on, despite obstacles or hardships; to persist.	To indurate.	To last.	To remain firm, as under trial or suffering; to suffer patiently or without yielding; to bear up under adversity; to hold out.	To suffer patiently.	To tolerate or put up with something unpleasant.
soil	noun	A bag containing soiled items.	A marshy or miry place to which a hunted boar resorts for refuge; hence, a wet place, stream, or tract of water, sought for by other game, as deer.	A mixture of mineral particles and organic material, used to support plant growth.	A wet or marshy place in which a boar or other such game seeks refuge when hunted.	Country or territory.	Dung; compost; manure.	Faeces or urine etc. when found on clothes.	That which soils or pollutes; a stain.	The unconsolidated mineral or organic material on the immediate surface of the earth that serves as a natural medium for the growth of land plants.	The unconsolidated mineral or organic matter on the surface of the earth that has been subjected to and shows effects of genetic and environmental factors of: climate (including water and temperature effects), and macro- and microorganisms, conditioned by relief, acting on parent material over a period of time. A product-soil differs from the material from which it is derived in many physical, chemical, biological, and morphological properties and characteristics.
soil	verb	To become dirty or soiled.	To dirty one's clothing by accidentally defecating while clothed.	To enrich with soil or muck; to manure.	To feed, as cattle or horses, in the barn or an enclosure, with fresh grass or green food cut for them, instead of sending them out to pasture; hence (due to such food having the effect of purging them) to purge by feeding on green food.	To make dirty.	To make invalid, to ruin.	To stain or mar, as with infamy or disgrace; to tarnish; to sully.
shortage	noun	A lack or deficiency; an insufficient amount.
awfully	adv	Badly, terribly.	Fearfully.	In a manner inspiring awe.	Reverently.	Very; exceedingly; extremely; excessively.
intense	adj	Of a characteristic: extreme or very high or strong in degree; severe; also, excessive, towering.	Of a person: very emotional or passionate.	Of a thing: possessing some characteristic to an extreme or very high or strong degree.	Of feelings, thoughts, etc.: strongly focused; ardent, deep, earnest, passionate.	Under tension; tightly drawn; strained, stressed, tense.
dining	noun	Eating dinner as a social function.	Entertaining someone to dinner.
dining	verb	present participle and gerund of dine
dash	noun	A bribe or gratuity; a gift.	A hyphen or minus sign.	A prime symbol.	A rushing or violent onset.	A short run, flight.	A slight admixture.	A small quantity of a liquid substance etc.; less than 1/8 of a teaspoon.	A stand-in for a censored word, like "Devil" or "damn". (Compare deuce.)	Any of the following symbols: ‒ (figure dash), – (en dash), — (em dash), or ― (horizontal bar).	Ellipsis of dashboard.	Ostentatious vigor.	The dashboard of a social media user.	The longer of the two symbols of Morse code.	Violent strike; a whack.
dash	verb	Damn (in forming oaths).	To complete hastily.	To destroy by striking (against).	To dishearten; to sadden.	To draw or write quickly; jot.	To leave or depart.	To mix, reduce, or adulterate, by throwing in something of an inferior quality.	To ruin; to destroy.	To run quickly or for a short distance.	To sprinkle; to splatter.	To throw violently.
dash	intj	Damn!
elbow	noun	A detective.	A hit, strike, or blow with the elbow.	Any turn or bend like that of the elbow, in a wall, building, coastline, etc.; an angular or jointed part of any structure, such as the raised arm of a chair or sofa, or a short pipe fitting, turning at an angle or bent.	Part of a basketball court located at the intersection of the free-throw line and the free-throw lane.	The joint between the upper arm and the forearm.	Two nearby crossings of a rope.
elbow	verb	To force (someone) to quit or lose their job so that someone else can be hired.	To nudge, jostle or push.	To push with the elbow or elbows; to forge ahead using the elbows to assist.	To strike with the elbow.
regularly	adv	With constant frequency or pattern.	normally; ordinarily.
recovery	noun	A return to former status or position.	A return to normal health.	A verdict giving somebody the right to recover debts or costs.	Renewed growth after a slump.	The ability to recover or regain health.	The act of regaining the natural position after curtseying.	The act of regaining the position of guard after making an attack, in fencing, sparring, etc.	The act or process of regaining or repossession of something lost.	The extraction of an ore from a mine, or of a metal from an ore	The recovery of debt.
barn	noun	A building, often found on a farm, used for storage or keeping animals such as cattle.	A child.	A unit of surface area equal to 10⁻²⁸ square metres.	A warm and cozy place, especially a bedroom; a roost.	An arena.
barn	verb	To lay up in a barn.
award	noun	A judgment, sentence, or final decision. Specifically: The decision of arbitrators in a case submitted.	A negotiated set of employment conditions and minimum wages for a particular trade or industry; an industrial award.	A trophy or medal; something that denotes an accomplishment, especially in a competition. A prize or honor based on merit.	Funding that has been granted for the conduct of a research project.	The paper containing the decision of arbitrators; that which is warded.
award	verb	(in an examination) To give marks for a correct answer.	To determine; to make or grant an award.	To give (a person) an award.	To give (an award).	To give by sentence or judicial determination; to assign or apportion, after careful regard to the nature of the case.
confront	verb	To bring someone face to face with something.	To come up against; to encounter.	To deal with.	To engage in confrontation.	To put a thing facing to; to set in contrast to.	To set a thing side by side with; to compare.	To stand or meet facing, especially in competition, hostility or defiance; to come face to face with.
choppe		
bull	noun	A bubble.	A crown coin; its value, 5 shillings.	A drink made by pouring water into a cask that previously held liquor.	A large, strong man.	A lie.	A male of domesticated cattle or oxen of any age.	A man or boy (derived from the Philadelphia English pronunciation of “boy”, which is practically a homophone of “bull”)	A man who has sex with someone else's partner, with the consent of both.	A papal bull, an official document or edict from the Pope.	A policeman; a detective; a railroad security guard.	A seal affixed to a document, especially a document from the Pope.	An adult male of certain large mammals, such as whales, elephants, camels and seals.	An adult male of domesticated cattle or oxen.	An elderly lesbian.	An investor who buys (commodities or securities) in anticipation of a rise in prices.	Any adult male bovine.	Any bovine of an aggressive or long-horned breed regardless of age and sex.	Beef.	Clipping of bullseye.	Clipping of bullshit.	Nonsense.	Specifically, one that is uncastrated.	The central portion of a target, inside the inner and magpie.
bull	adj	Adult male.	Characterized by rising prices or belief that prices will rise.	Large and strong, like a bull.	Stupid.
bull	verb	To be in heat; to be ready for mating with a bull.	To endeavour to raise prices in.	To endeavour to raise the market price of.	To force oneself (in a particular direction); to move aggressively.	To lie, to tell untruths.	To mate with (a cow or heifer).	To mock; to cheat.	To polish (boots) to a high shine.	To publish in a papal bull.
backyard	noun	A person's neighborhood, or an area nearby to a person's usual residence or place of work and where the person is likely to go.	A yard to the rear of a house or similar residence.	An area nearby to a country or other jurisdiction's legal boundaries, particularly an area in which the country feels it has an interest.
Lord	name	An English surname transferred from the nickname, originally a nickname for someone who either acted as if he were a lord or had worked in a lord's household.	Any other deity particularly important to a religion or a worshipper.	God the Father; the Godhead.	Jesus Christ, God the Son.	The Abrahamic deity of the Jewish, Christian, and Islamic faiths.	The God of Abraham and the Jewish scriptures.
Lord	intj	An interjection variously expressing astonishment, surprise, resignation.
Lord	noun	A formal title of the lesser British nobility, used for a lord of the manor or Lord Proprietor.	A generic title used in reference to any peer of the British nobility or any peer below the dignity of duke and (as a courtesy title) for the younger sons of dukes and marquesses (see usage note).	A high priest.	An additional title added to denote the dignity of certain high officials, such as the "Lord Mayors" of major cities in the British Commonwealth	Similar formal and generic titles in other countries.	The elected president of a festival.
fluent	adj	Able to use a language accurately, rapidly, and confidently.	Being or relating to a fluent interface.	That flows; flowing, liquid.
fluent	noun	A continuous variable, especially one with respect to time in Newton's Method of Fluxions.
overweight	adj	Having a higher weight, especially body fat, than what is generally considered healthy for a given body type and height.	Having a portfolio relatively heavily invested in.	Weighing more than what is allowed for safety or legal commerce.
overweight	noun	A security or class of securities in which one has a heavy concentration.	An excess of weight.	An overweight person.	The condition of being overweight.
overweight	verb	To place excessive weight or emphasis on; to overestimate the importance of.	To weigh down: to put too heavy a burden on.
savings	noun	plural of saving
mask	noun	A cover, or partial cover, for the face, used for disguise or protection.	A dramatic performance in which the actors wore masks and represented mythical or allegorical characters.	A festive entertainment of dancing or other diversions, where all wear masks; a masquerade.	A flat covering used to block off an unwanted portion of a scene or image.	A grotesque head or face, used to adorn keystones and other prominent parts, to spout water in fountains, and the like.	A pattern of bits used in bitwise operations; bitmask.	A person wearing a mask.	A screen for a battery.	A two-color (black and white) bitmap generated from an image, used to create transparency in the image.	Appearance, likeness.	In a permanent fortification, a redoubt which protects the caponiere.	Mash.	That which disguises; a pretext or subterfuge.	The head of a fox, shown face-on and cut off immediately behind the ears.	The lower lip of the larva of a dragonfly, modified so as to form a prehensile organ.	The mesh of a net; a net; net-bag.	mesh
mask	verb	(brewing) To mix malt with hot water to yield wort.	To be infused or steeped.	To bewilder; confuse.	To conceal from view or knowledge; to cover; to hide.	To conceal or disguise one's autism.	To conceal; also, to intervene in the line of.	To cover (the face or something else), in order to conceal the identity or protect against injury; to cover with a mask or visor.	To cover or keep in check.	To disable (an interrupt, etc.) by setting or unsetting the associated bit.	To disguise as something else.	To disguise oneself, to be disguised in any way.	To learn, practice, and perform certain behaviors and suppress others in order to appear more neurotypical.	To mash.	To prepare tea in a teapot; alternative to brew.	To set or unset (certain bits, or binary digits, within a value) by means of a bitmask.	To take part as a masker in a masquerade.	To wear a mask.	to cover or shield a part of a design or picture in order to prevent reproduction or to safeguard the surface from the colors used when working with an air brush or painting
forecast	verb	To contrive or plan beforehand.	To estimate how something will be in the future.	To foreshadow; to suggest something in advance.
forecast	noun	A prediction of the weather.	An estimation of a future condition.	exacta
giant	noun	A maneuver involving a full rotation around an axis while fully extended.	A mythical human of very great size.	A person of extraordinary strength or powers, bodily or intellectual.	A star that is considerably more luminous than a main sequence star of the same temperature (e.g. red giant, blue giant).	A tall species of a particular animal or plant.	A very large organization.	A very tall and large person.	An Ethernet packet that exceeds the medium's maximum packet size of 1,518 bytes.	An eoten or jotun.	Any of the gigantes, the race of giants in the Greek mythology.	Specifically:
giant	adj	Very large.
porch	noun	A covered entrance to a building, whether taken from the interior, and forming a sort of vestibule within the main wall, or projecting without and with a separate roof. A porch often has chair(s), table(s) and swings.	A portico; a covered walk.	The platform outside the external hatch of a spacecraft.
interpreter	noun	A machine that reads the pattern of holes on a punch card and prints its meaning along the top of the card.	A performer who presents a piece of art in a distinct style, particularly so as to make older works relevant to their audience.	A person or thing that interprets the meaning of something for another	A person or thing that interprets the meaning of something for another, particularly	A person or thing that translates direct speech or signing.	A program that converts commands into machine language in real time rather than compiling it in advance.	A thing that, figuratively speaking, performs a similar role explaining, revealing, or clarifying.	An analyst of reconnaissance photographs.	Synonym of commentator, one who explains laws or scripture.	Synonym of dictionary or glossary, a book that explains uncommon terms.	Synonym of emissary, particularly in reference to Hermes or angels as messengers between humans and the divine.	Synonym of guide, one who explains a thing, person, or group of people.	Synonym of synonymy, the use of one term to explain another.	Synonym of translator, one who translates various forms of texts.
popcorn	noun	A Romanian style of Europop popular in the late 2000s.	A form of brainstorming in which participants call out their ideas immediately, instead of waiting for an assigned turn to speak.	A kind of stitch similar to a bobble.	A piece of popcorn.	A serving of popcorn.	A slow Belgian style of soul music popular in the early 1960s.	A snack food made from corn or maize kernels popped by dry heating.	A type of corn or maize with a hard outer hull that, along with the type of starch it contains, makes it suitable for popping.	Entertainment for observers.
popcorn	verb	To pop repeatedly, like popcorn cooking.	To stand or jump up quickly.	To use the popcorn stitch.
jogg		
kilogram	noun	In the International System of Units, the base unit of mass; conceived of as the mass of one litre of water, but now defined by taking the fixed numerical value of the Planck constant h to be 6.626 070 15 × 10⁻³⁴ when expressed in units of kg⋅m²⋅s⁻¹. Symbol: kg	The unit of weight such that a one-kilogram mass is also a one-kilogram weight.
eternal	adj	Constant; perpetual; ceaseless; ever-present.	Exceedingly great or bad; used as an intensifier.	Existing outside time; as opposed to sempiternal, existing within time but everlastingly.	Lasting forever; unending.
eternal	noun	One who lives forever; an immortal.
sushi	noun	A Japanese dish made of small portions of sticky white rice flavored with vinegar, usually wrapped in seaweed and filled or topped with fish, vegetables or meat.	One of the portions from this dish.	Raw fish, especially as a Japanese dish.
sushi	verb	To prepare (a food) as sushi.
Turkey	name	A country located in Eastern Thrace in Southeastern Europe and Anatolia in western Asia. Official name: Republic of Türkiye. Capital: Ankara.	Synonym of Ottoman Empire, a former empire in Europe, Asia, Africa. Capital: Istanbul.
Turkey	noun	Synonym of Turkey blue (“a deep indigo dye or its color”).	Synonym of Turkey red (“a vibrant red dye or its color”).
Turkey	adj	Synonym of Turkey blue (“dyed or colored Turkey blue”).	Synonym of Turkey red (“dyed or colored Turkey red”).
centre	noun	Alternative spelling of center.
centre	verb	Alternative spelling of center.
blog	noun	A website that allows users to reflect, share opinions, and discuss various topics in the form of an online journal, sometimes letting readers comment on their posts. Most blogs are written in a slightly informal tone (personal journals, news, businesses, etc.)	Alternative letter-case form of Blog.	An individual post to a blog.
blog	verb	To blag, to steal something; to acquire something illegally.	To contribute to a blog.	To look sullen or sulky
Lojban	name	An artificial language created by Logical Language Group designed to be logical, based on the earlier Loglan.
Lojban	adj	Of or relating to Lojban.
laptop	noun	A laptop computer.
laptop	adj	Designed for use on a lap.
origin	noun	An arbitrary point on Earth's surface, chosen as the zero for a system of coordinates.	Ancestry.	The beginning of something.	The point at which the axes of a coordinate system intersect.	The proximal end of attachment of a muscle to a bone that will not be moved by the action of that muscle.	The source of a river, information, goods, etc.
haunt	verb	To accustom; habituate; make accustomed to.	To inhabit or to visit frequently (most often used in reference to ghosts).	To live habitually; to stay, to remain.	To make uneasy, restless.	To persist in staying or visiting.	To practise; to devote oneself to.	To stalk; to follow.
haunt	noun	A ghost.	A lair or feeding place of animals.	A place at which one is regularly found; a habitation or hangout.
withdraw	verb	Chiefly followed by from: to leave a place, someone's presence, etc., to go to another room or place.	Chiefly followed by from: to stop taking part in some activity; also, to remove oneself from the company of others, from publicity, etc.	Of a man: to remove the penis from a partner's body orifice before ejaculation; to engage in coitus interruptus.	Of soldiers: to leave a battle or position where they are stationed; to retreat.	To cause or help (someone) to stop taking an addictive drug or substance; to dry out.	To disregard (something) as belonging to a certain group.	To distract or divert (someone) from a course of action, a goal, etc.	To draw or pull (a bolt, curtain, veil, or other object) aside.	To draw or pull (something) away or back from its original position or situation.	To extract (money) from a bank account or other financial deposit.	To remove (a topic) from discussion or inquiry.	To remove (someone or (reflexive, archaic) oneself) from a position or situation; specifically (military), to remove (soldiers) from a battle or position where they are stationed.	To stop (a course of action, proceedings, etc.)	To stop taking an addictive drug or substance; to undergo withdrawal.	To stop talking to or interacting with other people and start thinking thoughts not related to what is happening.	To take (one's eyes) off something; to look away.	To take away or take back (something previously given or permitted); to remove, to retract.	To take back (a comment, something written, etc.); to recant, to retract.
withdraw	noun	An act of drawing back or removing; a removal, a withdrawal or withdrawing.	Synonym of withdraught (“a dismissal of a lawsuit with prejudice based on a plaintiff's withdrawal of the suit; a retraxit; also, a fine imposed on a plaintiff for such a dismissal”).
preparation	noun	A part of any animal body preserved as a specimen.	A substance, especially a remedy, that is prepared.	Any of the objects placed between the strings of a prepared piano.	Devotional exercises introducing an office.	That which is prepared.	The act of preparing or getting ready.	The day before the Sabbath or other Jewish feast-day.	The previous introduction, as an integral part of a chord, of a note continued into a succeeding dissonance.	The state of being prepared; readiness.
reporter	noun	A case reporter; a bound volume of printed legal opinions from a particular jurisdiction.	A gene attached by a researcher to a regulatory sequence of another gene of interest, typically used as an indication of whether a certain gene has been taken up by or expressed in the cell or organism population.	A journalist who investigates, edits and reports news stories for newspapers, radio and television.	A person who records and issues official reports of judicial or legislative proceedings.	Someone or something that reports.
robber	noun	A person who robs.	An animal who robs.
submit	verb	To enter or put forward for approval, consideration, marking etc.	To let down; to lower.	To put or place under.	To subject; to put through a process.	To win a fight against (an opponent) by submission.	To yield (something) to another, as when defeated.	To yield or give way to another.
armed	adj	Equipped with a gun.	Equipped, especially with a weapon.	Furnished with something that serves to add strength, force, or efficiency.	Having an arm or arms, often of a specified number or type.	Having horns, claws, teeth, a beak, etc. in a particular tincture, as contrasted with that of the animal as a whole.	Having prickles or thorns.	Possessing arms of a specified number or type.	Prepared for use; loaded.
armed	verb	simple past and past participle of arm
clue	noun	A strand of yarn etc. as used to guide one through a labyrinth; something which points the way, a guide.	An object or a kind of indication which may be used as evidence.	Information which may lead one to a certain point or conclusion.	Insight or understanding ("to have a clue [about]" or "to have clue". See have a clue, clue stick)
clue	verb	Alternative form of clew.	To provide someone with information which they lack (often used with "in" or "up").	To provide with a clue.
artificial	adj	Based on characteristics useful for identification, without regard for the formal differences used in classification.	Conveying some meaning other than the actual contents of one's hand.	Insincere; fake, forced, or feigned.	Man-made; made by humans; of artifice.	Not natural or normal: imposed arbitrarily or without regard to the specifics or normal circumstances of a person, a situation, etc.
East	name	A civil parish of Kings County, Prince Edward Island, Canada.	A personification of the wind from the east.	A surname.	The Eastern Bloc; the eastern countries of Europe.	The Eastern world; the regions, primarily situated in the Eastern Hemisphere, whose culture is derived from Arabia, India, Persia or China.	The eastern part of any region.	The eastern states of the United States.	the Soviet Union and its socialist allies during the Cold War.
overlook	noun	A vista or point that gives a view down toward something else.
overlook	verb	To fail to notice; to look over and beyond (anything) without seeing it.	To inspect (something); to examine; to look over carefully or repeatedly.	To look down upon from above or from a higher location.	To look upon with an evil eye; to bewitch by looking upon; to fascinate.	To observe or watch (someone or something) surreptitiously or secretly.	To offer a view (of something) from a higher position.	To pretend not to have noticed (something, especially a mistake or flaw); to pass over (something) without censure or punishment.	To supervise, oversee; to watch over.
Station		
enormous	adj	Deviating from the norm; unusual, extraordinary.	Exceedingly wicked; atrocious or outrageous.	Extremely large; greatly exceeding the common size, extent, etc.
necessity	noun	Greater utilitarian good; used in justification of a criminal act.	Indispensable requirements (of life).	Something necessary; a requisite; something indispensable.	Something which makes an act or an event unavoidable; an irresistible force; overruling power.	The condition of being needy; desperate need; lack.	The negation of freedom in voluntary action; the subjection of all phenomena, whether material or spiritual, to inevitable causation; necessitarianism.	The quality or state of being necessary, unavoidable, or absolutely requisite.
suspicion	noun	A trace, or slight indication.	The act of suspecting something or someone, especially of something wrong.	The condition of being suspected.	The imagining of something without evidence.	Uncertainty, doubt.
suspicion	verb	To suspect; to have suspicions.
sleeve	noun	A (usually tubular) covering or lining to protect a piece of machinery etc.	A double tube of copper into which the ends of bare wires are pushed so that when the tube is twisted an electrical connection is made. The joint thus made is called a McIntire joint.	A long, cylindrical plastic bag of cookies or crackers, or a similar package of disposable drinking cups.	A narrow channel of water.	A protective jacket or case, especially for a record, containing art and information about the contents; also the analogous leaflet found in a packaged CD.	A serving of beer smaller than a pint, typically measuring between 12 and 16 ounces.	A tattoo covering the whole arm.	Sleave; untwisted thread.	The part of a garment that covers the arm.
sleeve	verb	To fit and attach a sleeve to an upper garment (e.g. to a shirt, blouse, sweater, jacket, coat, etc.) or to a folder.	To hide something up one's sleeve.
instinct	noun	A natural or inherent impulse or behaviour.	An intuitive reaction not based on rational conscious thought.
instinct	adj	Imbued, charged (with something).
revolution	noun	A political upheaval in a government or state characterized by great change.	A round of periodic changes, such as between the seasons of the year.	A sudden, vast change in a situation, a discipline, or the way of thinking and behaving.	Consideration of an idea; the act of revolving something in the mind.	In the case of celestial bodies, the traversal of one body along an orbit around another body.	Rotation: the turning of an object around an axis, one complete turn of an object during rotation.	The popular removal and replacement of a government, especially by sudden violent action.
lid	noun	A bodyboard or bodyboarder.	A cap or hat.	A hermetically sealed top piece on a microchip such as the integrated heat spreader on a CPU.	A kid (from the rhyming slang bin lid).	A motorcyclist's crash helmet.	A restraint or control, as when "putting a lid" on something.	An operculum or other lid-like cover.	Clipping of eyelid.	In amateur radio, an incompetent operator.	One ounce of cannabis.	The top or cover of a container.
lid	verb	To put a lid on (something).
flashlight	noun	A battery-powered hand-held light source.	A flashgun (device used to create flashes of light for photography).	A photograph taken with a flash camera.
flashlight	verb	To illuminate with a flashlight.
Thursday	noun	The fifth day of the week in many religious traditions, and the fourth day of the week in systems using the ISO 8601 norm; it follows Wednesday and precedes Friday.
Thursday	adv	On Thursday.
combine	verb	In the game of casino, to play a card which will take two or more cards whose aggregate number of pips equals those of the card played.	To bind; to hold by a moral tie.	To bring (two or more things or activities) together; to unite.	To come together; to unite.	To have two or more things or properties that function together.
combine	noun	A combination.	A test match in which applicants play in the hope of earning a position on a professional football team.	An artwork falling between painting and sculpture, having objects embedded into a painted surface.	An industrial conglomeration in a socialist country, particularly in the former Soviet bloc.	Ellipsis of combine car, a type of railway car that combines passenger and freight functions.	Ellipsis of combine harvester.	Especially, a joint enterprise of whatever legal form for a purpose of business or in any way promoting the interests of the participants, sometimes with monopolistic or fraudulent intentions.
handy	adj	Dexterous, skilful. (of a person)	Easy to use, useful.	Nearby, within reach.	Of a freight ship: having a small cargo capacity (less than 40,000 DWT); belonging to the handysize class.	Physically violent; tending to use one's fists.
handy	noun	A hand job.	A handgun.	Synonym of mobile phone.	The hand.
liquid	noun	A substance that is flowing, and keeping no shape, such as water; a substance of which the molecules, while not tending to separate from one another like those of a gas, readily change their relative position, and which therefore retains no definite shape, except that determined by the containing receptacle; an inelastic fluid.	Any of a class of consonant sounds that includes l and r.
liquid	adj	Belonging to a class of consonants comprising the laterals and the rhotics, which in many languages behave similarly.	Easily sold or disposed of without losing value.	Flowing freely like water; fluid; not solid and not gaseous; composed of particles that move freely among each other on the slightest pressure.	Flowing or sounding smoothly or without abrupt transitions or harsh tones.	Fluid and transparent.	Having sufficient trading activity to make buying or selling easy.
uneasy	adj	Causing discomfort or constraint	Not easy in manner; constrained	Not easy; difficult.	Restless; disturbed by pain, anxiety.
medal	noun	A stamped metal disc used as a personal ornament, a charm, or a religious object.	A stamped or cast metal object (usually a disc), particularly one awarded as a prize or reward.
medal	verb	To award a medal to.	To win a medal.
nightmare	noun	A demon or monster, thought to plague people while they slept and cause a feeling of suffocation and terror during sleep.	A feeling of extreme anxiety or suffocation experienced during sleep; Sleep paralysis.	A very unpleasant or frightening dream.	Any bad, miserable, difficult or terrifying situation or experience that arouses anxiety, terror, agony or great displeasure.
nightmare	verb	To experience a nightmare.	To imagine (someone or something) as in a nightmare.	To trouble (someone or something), as by a nightmare.
skate	noun	A fish of the family Rajidae in the superorder Batoidea (rays) which inhabit most seas. Skates generally have small heads with protruding muzzles, and wide fins attached to a flat body.	A makeshift handcar.	A runner or blade, usually of steel, with a frame shaped to fit the sole of a shoe, made to be fastened under the foot, and used for gliding on ice.	A worn-out horse.	Alternative form of skite (“a mean or contemptible person”).	Ellipsis of ice skate.	Ellipsis of roller skate.	The act of roller skating or ice skating	The act of skateboarding
skate	verb	To get away with something; to be acquitted of a crime for which one is manifestly guilty.	To move along a surface (ice or ground) using skates.	To move smoothly and easily.	To skateboard.	To use the skating technique.
skate	adj	Pertaining to the technique of skating.
nasty	adj	Awkward, difficult to navigate; dangerous.	Contemptible, unpleasant (of a person).	Dirty, filthy.	Formidable, terrific; wicked.	Grave or dangerous (of an accident, illness etc.).	Indecent or offensive; obscene, lewd.	Objectionable, unpleasant (of a thing); repellent, offensive.	Spiteful, unkind.
nasty	noun	A video nasty.	Sexual intercourse.	Something nasty.
drum	noun	A barrel or large cylindrical container for liquid transport and storage.	A drumfish (family Sciaenidae).	A drumstick (of chicken, turkey, etc).	A percussive musical instrument spanned with a thin covering on at least one end for striking, forming an acoustic chamber; a membranophone.	A person's home; a house or other building, especially when insalubrious; a tavern, a brothel.	A small hill or ridge of hills.	A social gathering or assembly held in the evening.	A tip; a piece of information.	Any of the cylindrical blocks that make up the shaft of a pillar.	Any similar hollow, cylindrical object.	Synonym of construction barrel.	The ear.	The encircling wall that supports a dome or cupola.
drum	verb	Of various animals, to make a vocalisation or mechanical sound that resembles drumming.	To beat a drum.	To beat with a rapid succession of strokes.	To drill or review in an attempt to establish memorization.	To go about, as a drummer does, to gather recruits, to draw or secure partisans, customers, etc.; used with for.	To throb, as the heart.
afterwards	adv	At a later or succeeding time; after that;
turkey	noun	A bird in the genus Meleagris with a fan-shaped tail and wattled neck, especially the wild turkey (Meleagris gallopavo, now domesticated).	A failure.	A foolish or inept person.	A pack carried by a lumberman; a bindle; also, a large travel bag, a suitcase.	A patient feigning symptoms; a person faking illness or injury; a malingerer.	A prostitute.	An act of throwing three strikes in a row.	The flesh or meat of this bird eaten as food.	The guinea fowl (family Numididae).	With a distinguishing word: a bird resembling the Meleagris gallopavo (for example, the brush turkey or bush turkey (Alectura lathami), and the water turkey (Anhinga anhinga)).
calendar	noun	A list of planned events.	A means to determine the date consisting of a document containing dates and other temporal information.	An appointment book (US), appointment diary (UK)	An orderly list or enumeration of persons, things, or events; a schedule.	Any system by which time is divided into days, weeks, months, and years.
calendar	verb	To enter or write in a calendar; to register.	To set a date for a proceeding in court, usually done by a judge at a calendar call.
Todays		
accidentally	adv	In an accidental manner; by chance, unexpectedly.	Unintentionally.
terrorist	noun	A person, group, or organization that uses violent action, or the threat of violent action, to further political goals.	An agent or partisan of the revolutionary tribunal during the Reign of Terror in France.
terrorist	adj	Of or relating to terrorism.
self	pron	Himself, herself, itself, themselves; that specific (person mentioned).	Myself.
self	noun	A flower having its colour uniform as opposed to variegated.	A seedling produced by self-pollination (plural selfs).	An individual person as the object of the person's own reflective consciousness (plural selves).	Any molecule, cell, or tissue of an organism's own (belonging to the self), as opposed to a foreign (nonself) molecule, cell, or tissue (for example, infective, allogenic, or xenogenic).	One individual's personality, character, demeanor, or disposition.	Self-interest or personal advantage.	The subject of one's own experience of phenomena: perception, emotions, thoughts.
self	verb	To fertilize by the same individual; to self-fertilize or self-pollinate.	To fertilize by the same strain; to inbreed.
self	adj	Belonging to oneself; own.	Having its own or a single nature or character throughout, as in colour, composition, etc., without addition or change; of the same kind; unmixed.	Of or relating to any molecule, cell, or tissue of an organism's own (belonging to the self), as opposed to a foreign (nonself) molecule, cell, or tissue (for example, infective, allogenic, or xenogenic).	Same, identical.
talking	noun	The action of the verb talk.
talking	verb	present participle and gerund of talk
prayer	noun	A meeting held for the express purpose of praying.	A practice of communicating with one's God, or with some spiritual entity.	A request; a petition.	An act of praying.	One who prays.	The remotest hope or chance.	The specific words or methods used for praying.
punctual	adj	Existing as a point or series of points.	Expressing a momentary action that has no duration.	Observing trivial points; punctilious.	Of a person, acting at the appointed time.	Of an event, happening at the appointed time.	Periodic; occasional.	Prompt; on time.
sauce	noun	A liquid (often thickened) condiment or accompaniment to food.	A soft crayon for use in stump drawing or in shading with the stump.	Alcohol, booze.	Alternative form of source, often used when requesting the source of an image or other posted material.	Anabolic steroids.	Any garden vegetables eaten with meat.	Cheek; impertinence; backtalk; sass.	Tomato sauce (similar to US tomato ketchup), as in	Vegetables.	Vitality; capability or talent.
sauce	verb	To add sauce to; to season.	To cause to relish anything, as if with a sauce; to tickle or gratify, as the palate; to please; to stimulate.	To make poignant; to give zest, flavour or interest to; to set off; to vary and render attractive.	To send or hand over.	To treat with bitter, pert, or tart language; to be impudent or saucy to.
crown	noun	A coin or note worth five shillings in various countries that are or were in the British Commonwealth, such as Ireland or Jamaica.	A formal hat worn by women to Sunday church services; a church crown.	A former predecimalization British coin worth five shillings.	A kind of spire or lantern formed by converging flying buttresses.	A knot formed in the end of a rope by tucking in the strands to prevent them from unravelling.	A monocyclic ligand having three or more binding sites, capable of holding a guest in a central location.	A prosthetic covering for a tooth.	A round spot shaved clean on the top of the head, as a mark of the clerical state; the tonsure.	A rounding or smoothing of the barrel opening.	A royal, imperial or princely headdress; a diadem.	A standard size of printing paper measuring 20 × 15 inches.	A standard size of writing paper measuring 19 × 15 inches.	A whole bird with the legs and wings removed to produce a joint of white meat.	A wreath or band for the head, especially one given as reward of victory or a mark of honor.	Any currency (originally) issued by the crown (regal power) and often bearing a crown (headdress); (translation) various currencies known by similar names in their native languages, such as the korona, koruna, krona, króna, krone.	Any reward of victory or mark of honor.	During childbirth, the appearance of the baby's head from the mother's vagina.	Imperial or regal power, or those who wield it.	Splendor; culmination; acme.	The area enclosed between two concentric perimeters.	The dome of a furnace.	The highest part of a hill.	The highest part of an arch.	The knurled knob or dial, on the outside of a watch case, used to wind it or adjust the hands.	The part of a plant where the root and stem meet.	The part of a tooth above the gums.	The part of an anchor where the arms and the shank meet.	The police (referring to Crown Victoria police cars).	The raised centre of a road.	The rounding, or rounded part, of the deck from a level line.	The sovereign (in a monarchy), as head of state.	The state, the government (headed by a monarch).	The top of a tree.	The top part of something:	The top section of a hat, above the brim.	The topmost part of the head.	The upper part of certain fruits, as the pineapple or strawberry, that is removed before eating.	The upper range of facets in a rose diamond.
crown	adj	Of, related to, or pertaining to a crown.	Of, related to, pertaining to the top of a tree or trees.
crown	verb	In checkers, to stack two checkers to indicate that the piece has become a king.	Of a baby, during the birthing process; for the surface of the baby's head to appear in the vaginal opening.	Of a forest fire or bushfire, to spread to the crowns of the trees and thence move from tree to tree independent of the surface fire.	To be on the point of defecating.	To bestow something upon as a mark of honour, dignity, or recompense; to adorn; to dignify.	To cause to round upward; to make anything higher at the middle than at the edges, such as the face of a machine pulley.	To declare (someone) a winner.	To effect a lodgment upon, as upon the crest of the glacis, or the summit of the breach.	To form the topmost or finishing part of; to complete; to consummate; to perfect.	To formally declare (someone) a king, queen, emperor, etc.	To hit on the head.	To lay the ends of the strands of (a knot) over and under each other.	To place a crown on the head of.	To shoot an opponent in the back of the head with a shotgun in a first-person shooter video game.	To widen the opening of the barrel.	past participle of crow
blonde	noun	(film, television, theater) A kind of 2,000-watt lamp.	Alternative form of blond (“color”)	Alternative form of blond (“person with fair hair”). (Used especially of a woman. See the usage notes in the entry blond.)	Alternative form of blond (“type of beer”)
blonde	adj	Alternative form of blond.	Stupid, ignorant, naive.
blonde	verb	Alternative form of blond.
potential	noun	A currently unrealized ability (with the most common adposition being to).	A verbal construction or form stating something is possible or probable.	The gravitational potential: the radial (irrotational, static) component of a gravitational field, also known as the Newtonian potential or the gravitoelectric field.	The work (energy) required to move a reference particle from a reference location to a specified location in the presence of a force field, for example to bring a unit positive electric charge from an infinite distance to a specified point against an electric field.
potential	adj	Being potent; endowed with energy adequate to a result	Existing in possibility, not in actuality.	Referring to a verbal construction of form stating something is possible or probable.	irrotational	irrotational (see potential flow on Wikipedia)
creep	verb	To covertly have sex (with a person other than one's primary partner); to cheat with.	To drag in deep water with creepers, as for recovering a submarine cable.	To grow across a surface rather than upwards.	To have a sensation as of insects creeping on the skin of the body; to crawl.	To make small gradual changes, usually in a particular direction.	To move in a stealthy or secret manner; to move imperceptibly or clandestinely; to steal in; to insinuate itself or oneself.	To move or behave with servility or exaggerated humility; to fawn.	To move slowly and quietly in a particular direction.	To move slowly with the abdomen close to the ground.	To slip, or to become slightly displaced.
creep	noun	A barrier with small openings used to keep large animals out while allowing smaller animals to pass through.	A person who engages in sexually inappropriate behaviour or sexual harassment.	A relatively small gradual change, variation or deviation (from a planned value) in a measure.	A slight displacement of an object; the slight movement of something.	An increase in strain with time; the gradual flow or deformation of a material under stress.	In sewn books, the tendency of pages on the inside of a quire to stand out farther than those on the outside of it.	Someone creepy (annoyingly unpleasant), especially one who is strange or eccentric.	The gradual expansion or proliferation of something beyond its original goals or boundaries, considered negatively.	The imperceptible downslope movement of surface rock.	The movement of something that creeps (like worms or snails).
wire	noun	A covert signal sent between people cheating in a card game.	A deadline or critical endpoint.	A fence made of usually barbed wire.	A finish line of a racetrack.	A hidden listening device on the person of an undercover operative for the purposes of obtaining incriminating spoken evidence.	A knitting needle.	A metal conductor that carries electricity.	A pickpocket, especially one who targets women.	A piece of such material; a thread or slender rod of metal, a cable.	A telecommunication wire or cable.	A wire strung with beads and hung horizontally above or near the table which is used to keep score.	An electric telegraph; a telegram.	Any of the system of wires used to operate the puppets in a puppet show; hence, the network of hidden influences controlling the action of a person or organization; strings.	Clipping of wire service and/or newswire.	Metal formed into a thin, even thread, now usually by being drawn through a hole in a steel die.	The slender shaft of the plumage of certain birds.
wire	verb	To add (something) into a system (especially an electrical system) by means of wiring.	To add or connect (something) into a system as if with wires (for example, with nerves).	To connect, embed, incorporate, or include (something) into (something else) by or as if by wires:	To connect, involve or embed (something) deeply or intimately into (something else, such as an organization or political scene), so that it is plugged in (to that thing) (“keeping up with current information about (the thing)”) or has insinuated itself into (the thing).	To equip with wires for use with electricity.	To fasten with wire, especially with reference to wine bottles, corks, or fencing.	To install eavesdropping equipment.	To make someone tense or psyched up. See also adjective wired.	To place (a ball) so that the wire of a wicket prevents a successful shot.	To send a message or monetary funds to another person through a telecommunications system, formerly predominantly by telegraph.	To set or predetermine (someone's personality or behaviour, or an organization's culture) in a particular way.	To snare by means of a wire or wires.	To string on a wire.
aggressive	adj	Characterized by aggression; highly combative; prone to behave in a way that involves attacking (especially if unjustly) or arguing.	Exploiting every opportunity to be applied.	Female but having a male or masculine gender presentation: butch.	Involving high risk for potentially high reward.	That spreads quickly or extensively; virulent; malignant.
aggressive	noun	A (Black) woman who presents as masculine; a butch.	One who is aggressive.
harmful	adj	Causing or likely to cause harm or damage; injurious.
strictly	adv	In a limited manner; only	In a manner that applies to every member of a set or every interval of a function	In a narrow or limited sense.	In a strict manner.
doubtful	adj	Experiencing or showing doubt, skeptical.	Fearsome, dreadful.	Improbable or unlikely.	Subject to, or causing doubt.	Suspicious, or of dubious character.	Unclear or unreliable.	Undecided or of uncertain outcome.
doubtful	noun	A doubtful person or thing.
location	noun	A contract for the use of a thing, or service of a person, for hire.	A leasing on rent.	A particular point or place in physical space.	An act of locating.	An administrative region in Kenya, below counties and subcounties, and further divided into sublocations.	An apartheid-era urban area populated by non-white people; a township.	The marking out of the boundaries, or identifying the place or site of, a piece of land, according to the description given in an entry, plan, map, etc
slide	verb	To (cause to) move in continuous contact with a surface.	To decrease in amount or value.	To drop down and skid into a base.	To go; to move from one place or to another.	To kick so that the ball slides along the ground with little or no turning.	To lose one’s balance on a slippery surface.	To move on a low-friction surface.	To pass along smoothly or unobservedly; to move gently onward without friction or hindrance.	To pass inadvertently.	To pass or put imperceptibly; to slip.	To ride down snowy hills upon a toboggan or similar object for recreation.	To smoothly pass from one note to another by bending the pitch upwards or downwards.	To subtly direct a facial expression at (someone).
slide	noun	A clasp or brooch for a belt, etc.	A flat, usually rectangular piece of glass or similar material on which a prepared sample may be viewed through a microscope Generally referred to as a microscope slide.	A grace consisting of two or more small notes moving by conjoint degrees, and leading to a principal note either above or below.	A hand-held device made of smooth, hard material, used in the practice of slide guitar.	A lever that can be moved in two directions.	A lively dance from County Kerry, in 12/8 time.	A mechanism, or portion of one, consisting of a part which slides on or against a guide.	A page of a computer presentation package such as PowerPoint.	A pocket in one's pants (trousers).	A promiscuous woman, slut.	A sandal that is backless and open-toed.	A small dislocation in beds of rock along a line of fissure.	A sound which, by a gradual change in the position of the vocal organs, passes imperceptibly into another sound.	A surface of ice, snow, butter, etc. on which someone can slide for amusement or as a practical joke.	A transparent plate bearing an image to be projected to a screen.	A valve that works by sliding, such as in a trombone.	A voluntary stutter used as a technique to control stuttering in one's speech.	An inclined plane on which heavy bodies slide by the force of gravity, especially one constructed on a mountainside for conveying logs by sliding them down.	An item of play equipment that children can climb up and then slide down again.	Synonym of slider (“movable part of a zip fastener that opens or closes the row of teeth”).	The act of dropping down and skidding into a base	The act of sliding; smooth, even passage or progress.	The falling of large amounts of rubble, earth and stones down the slope of a hill or mountain; avalanche.
peaceful	adj	Inclined to peace.	Motionless and calm.	Not at war; not disturbed by strife or turmoil.
peaceful	noun	a Muslim; especially a violent member of a radical Islamist group.
walking	verb	present participle and gerund of walk
walking	adj	Able to walk in spite of injury or sickness.	Being a style of bass accompaniment or line, common in Baroque music (1600–1750) and 20th century jazz, blues and rockabilly, which creates a feeling of regular quarter note movement, akin to the regular alternation of feet while walking.	Characterized by or suitable for walking.	Heavily characterized by some given quality.	Incarnate as a human; living.
walking	noun	verbal noun of walk.
13		
preserve	noun	A reservation, a nature preserve.	A sweet spread made of any of a variety of fruits.	An activity with restricted access.
preserve	verb	To maintain throughout; to keep intact.	To protect; to keep from harm or injury.	To save from decay by the use of some preservative substance, such as sugar or salt; to season and prepare (fruits, meat, etc.) for storage.
primary	adj	Earliest formed; fundamental.	First or earliest in a group or series.	Illustrating, possessing, or characterized by, some quality or property in the first degree; having undergone the first stage of substitution or replacement.	Main; principal; chief; placed ahead of others.	Relating to day-to-day care provided by health professionals such as nurses, general practitioners, dentists etc.	Relating to the place where a disorder or disease started to occur.
primary	noun	A base or fundamental component; something that is irreducible.	A directly driven inductive coil, as in a transformer or induction motor that is magnetically coupled to a secondary.	A primary colour.	A primary election; a preliminary election to select a political candidate of a political party, or the first round of a two-round election.	A primary school.	A radar return from an aircraft (or other object) produced solely by the reflection of the radar beam from the aircraft's skin, without additional information from the aircraft's transponder.	Any flight feather attached to the manus (hand) of a bird.	The first stage of a thermonuclear weapon, which sets off a fission explosion to help trigger a fusion reaction in the weapon's secondary stage.	The first year of grade school.	The most massive component of a gravitationally bound system, such as a planet in relation to its satellites.	The primary site of a disease; the original location or source of the disease.
primary	verb	To challenge (an incumbent sitting politician) for their political party's nomination to run for re-election, through running a challenger campaign in a primary election, especially one that is more ideologically extreme.	To take part in a primary election.
conscious	adj	Alert, awake; with one's mental faculties active.	Aware of one's own existence; aware of one's own awareness.	Aware of, sensitive to; observing and noticing, or being strongly interested in or concerned about.	Deliberate, intentional, done with awareness of what one is doing.	Known or felt personally, internally by a person.	Self-conscious, or aware of wrongdoing, feeling guilty.
conscious	noun	The part of the mind that is aware of itself; the consciousness.
cease	verb	To be wanting; to fail; to pass away, perish.	To stop doing (something).	To stop.
cease	noun	Cessation; extinction (see without cease).
pan	noun	A bedpan.	A closed vessel for boiling or evaporating as part of manufacture; a vacuum pan.	A cylindrical receptacle about as tall as it is wide, with one long handle, usually made of metal, used for cooking in the home.	A deep plastic receptacle, used for washing or food preparation; a basin.	A dry lake or playa, especially a salt flat.	A human face, a mug.	A leaf of gold or silver.	A loaf of bread; a pan-loaf.	A part; a portion.	A pond or lake, considered as the expanse of land upon which the water sits.	A recess, or bed, for the leaf of a hinge.	A sequence in a film in which the camera pans over an area.	A wide receptacle in which gold grains are separated from gravel by washing the contents with water.	A wide, flat receptacle used around the house, especially for cooking.	Alternative form of paan.	An expanse of level land located in a depression, especially	Clipping of pantograph.	Ellipsis of hardpan: a hard substrate such as is formed in pans.	Ellipsis of salt pan: a flat artificial pond used for collecting minerals from evaporated water.	Ellipsis of steelpan.	Strong adverse criticism.	Synonym of pipe: a channel for lava within a volcano; the cylindrical remains of such channels.	Synonym of playa lake: a temporary pond or lake in a playa.	The bottom flat part of a roofing panel that is between the ribs of the panel.	The brain, seen as one's intellect.	The chamber pot in a close stool; (now) the base of a toilet, consisting of the bowl and its support.	The contents of such a receptacle.	The distance comprised between the angle of the epaule and the flanked angle.	The part of a flintlock that holds the priming.	The skull, considered as a vessel containing the brain; the brainpan.
pan	verb	(of a camera) To turn horizontally.	(of a sound) To move in the multichannel sound field.	To beat one's opposition convincingly.	To disparage; to belittle; to put down; to harshly criticize, especially a work (book, movie, etc.)	To join or fit together; to unite.	To move the camera lens angle while continuing to expose the film, enabling a contiguous view and enrichment of context. In still-photography large-group portraits the film usually remains on a horizontal fixed plane as the lens and/or the film holder moves to expose the film laterally. The resulting image may extend a short distance laterally or as great as 360° from the point where the film first began to be exposed.	To shift an image relative to the display window without changing the viewing scale.	To spread a sound signal into a new stereo or multichannel sound field, typically giving the impression that it is moving across the sound stage.	To turn out well; to be successful.	To wash in a pan (of earth, sand etc. when searching for gold).
pan	adj	Pansexual or panromantic.
Pacific	name	A city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.	The Pacific Ocean.
Pacific	noun	A steam locomotive of the 4-6-2 wheel arrangement.
Pacific	adj	Related to the Pacific Ocean.
catching	adj	Captivating; alluring; catchy.	Infectious, contagious.
catching	noun	The action of the verb catch.
catching	verb	present participle and gerund of catch
sew	verb	Followed by into: to enclose by sewing.	Of a ship, to be grounded.	To drain the water from.	To use a needle to pass thread repeatedly through (pieces of fabric) in order to join them together.	To use a needle to pass thread repeatedly through pieces of fabric in order to join them together.
sew	noun	Broth, gravy.
random	noun	A frame for composing type.	A roving motion; course without definite direction; lack of rule or method; chance.	An undefined, unknown or unimportant person; a person of no consequence.	Speed, full speed; impetuosity, force.	The direction of a rake-vein.	The full range of a bullet or other projectile; hence, the angle at which a weapon is tilted to allow the greatest range.
random	adj	Apropos of nothing; lacking context, relevance, or any connection to the previous situation; unexpected.	Being (part of) a varied, unrelated, and apparently arbitrary collection of things; diverse, heterogeneous.	Being out of the ordinary; unusual or unexpected; odd, strange, bizarre.	Involving an outcome which is impossible to predict, but which may be represented by a probability distribution; in the ideal case, involving outcomes which are equally likely.	Occurring for no particular reason; haphazard, unpredictable.	Of a person: characterized by or often saying random things; habitually using non sequiturs.	Pseudorandom; mimicking the result of random selection.	Selected for no particular reason; arbitrary; unspecified.
random	verb	To wander; to stray; to meander.
mum	noun	A chrysanthemum.	A decoration made originally of a real chrysanthemum but now usually an artificial (silk) flower combined with ribbons and marked with such indicators as the wearer's name, school name, the year, and so on; traditionally worn by girls at high school homecoming celebrations.	A type of strong beer, originally made in Brunswick, Germany.	Alternative spelling of ma'am.	Mother.	Silence.
mum	adj	Secret.	Silent.
mum	intj	stop speaking!, stop talking!, hush!
mum	verb	To act in a pantomime or dumb show.	To silence.
sufficient	det	A quantity (of something) that is as large as is needed.	An adequate quantity of; enough.
sufficient	adj	Capable of meeting obligations; responsible.	Having enough money to meet obligations and live comfortably.	Of a type or kind that suffices, that satisfies requirements or needs.	Possessing adequate talents or accomplishments; of competent power or ability; qualified; fit.
West	name	A city in McLennan County, Texas, United States.	A number of townships in the United States, in Illinois (2), Indiana, Iowa, Missouri, Ohio and Pennsylvania, listed under West Township.	A person (as a bridge player) occupying this position during a specified activity.	A placename:	A surname from Middle English for a newcomer from the west, or someone who lived to the west of a village.	A town in Holmes County, Mississippi, United States.	An unincorporated community in Wetzel County, West Virginia, United States.	One of four positions at 90-degree intervals that lies to the west or on the left of a diagram.	Regions or countries lying to the west of a specified or implied point of orientation.	The Western Bloc (the non-communist nations of Europe and America).	The Western United States (sometimes excluding the West Coast), particularly (historical) in reference to the 19th century Wild West.	The western part of any region.	The western world; i.e. Western Europe, the US and Canada (sometimes includes Latin America), and Australia and New Zealand.
proverb	noun	A commonly used sentence expressing popular wisdom.	A drama exemplifying a proverb.	A familiar illustration; a subject of contemptuous reference.	A striking or paradoxical assertion; an obscure saying; an enigma; a parable.	Any commonly used turn of phrase expressing a metaphor, simile, or descriptive epithet.
proverb	verb	To name in, or as, a proverb.	To provide with a proverb.	To write or utter proverbs.
deer	noun	A ruminant mammal with hooves and often antlers, of the family Cervidae.	Any animal, especially a quadrupedal mammal as opposed to a bird, fish, etc.	One of the smaller animals of the family Cervidae, distinguished from a moose or elk.	The meat of such an animal, obtained through the process of hunting or from specialized deer farms; venison.
sow	noun	A channel that conducts molten metal to molds.	A contemptible, often fat woman.	A female bear, she-bear.	A female guinea pig.	A female pig.	A kind of covered shed, formerly used by besiegers in filling up and passing the ditch of a besieged place, sapping and mining the wall, etc.	A mass of metal solidified in a mold.	A sowbug.
sow	verb	Obsolete spelling of sew.	To scatter over; to besprinkle.	To scatter, disperse, or plant (seeds).	To spread abroad; to propagate. (usu. negative connotation)
select	adj	Of high quality; top-notch.	Privileged, specially selected.
select	verb	To choose one or more elements of a set, especially a set of options.	To obtain a set of data from a database using a query.
host	noun	A cell or organism which harbors another organism or biological entity, usually a parasite.	A large number of items; a large inventory.	A moderator or master of ceremonies for a performance.	A multitude of people arrayed as an army; used also in religious senses, as: Heavenly host (of angels)	A paid male companion offering conversation and in some cases sex, as in certain types of bar in Japan.	A person or organization responsible for running an event.	An organism bearing certain genetic material, with respect to its cells.	Any computer attached to a network.	One that provides a facility for an event.	One which receives or entertains a guest, socially, commercially, or officially.	The consecrated bread of the Eucharist.	The primary member of a system, typically the member who fronts most often.
host	verb	To lodge at an inn.	To perform the role of a host.	To run software made available to a remote user or process.
philosopher	noun	A lover of wisdom.	A person who applies the principles of philosophy to the conduct of their life, as by acting calmly and rationally in the face of inevitable change.	A scholar or expert engaged in or contributing to philosophical inquiry.	A student of philosophy.	A student, scholar, or expert in any branch of knowledge, especially those branches studied prior to being considered part of pure science.	An alchemist.
hardworking	adj	Of a person, taking their work seriously and doing it well and rapidly.
chop	noun	A blow delivered with the hand rigid and outstretched.	A blow with an axe, cleaver, or similar implement.	A complete shipment.	A crack or cleft; a chap.	A cut of meat, often containing a section of a rib.	A hand where two or more players have an equal-valued hand, resulting in the chips being shared equally between them.	A jaw of an animal.	A knife, especially one used as a weapon.	A licence or passport that has been sealed.	A mark indicating nature, quality, or brand.	A movable jaw or cheek, as of a vice.	A stamp or seal; a mark, imprint or impression on a document (or other object or material) made by stamping or sealing a design with ink or wax, respectively, or by other methods.	A turn of fortune; change; a vicissitude.	A woodchopping competition.	Aircraft turbulence.	An IRC channel operator.	Cocaine.	Ocean waves, generally caused by wind, distinguished from swell by being smaller and not lasting as long.	Termination, especially from employment; the sack.	The device used for stamping or sealing, which also contains the design to be imprinted.	The land at each side of the mouth of a river, harbour, or channel.	To fly a helicopter or be flown in a helicopter.
chop	verb	To chap or crack.	To converse, discuss, or speak with another.	To cut into pieces with short, vigorous cutting motions.	To divide the pot (or tournament prize) between two or more players.	To do something suddenly with an unexpected motion; to catch or attempt to seize.	To exchange, to barter; to swap.	To hit the ball downward so that it takes a high bounce.	To interrupt; with in or out.	To make a quick, heavy stroke or a series of strokes, with or as with an ax.	To manipulate or separate out a line of cocaine.	To remove the final character from (a text string).	To seal a licence or passport.	To separate or divide.	To sever with an axe or similar implement.	To stab.	To stamp or seal (a document); to mark, impress or otherwise place a design or symbol on paper or other material, usually, but not necessarily, to indicate authenticity.	To twist words.	To vary or shift suddenly.	to give a downward cutting blow or movement, typically with the side of the hand.
cooperate	verb	To allow for mutual unobstructed action.	To engage in economic cooperation.	To function in harmony, side by side.	To obtain the cooperation of (a potential witness); to turn (someone) into a cooperating witness.	To work or act together, especially for a common purpose or benefit.
kitten	noun	A girlfriend.	A moth of the genus Furcula.	A term of endearment, especially for a woman.	A young cat, especially before sexual maturity (reached at about seven months).	A young rabbit, rat, hedgehog, squirrel, fox, beaver, badger, etc.
kitten	verb	To give birth to kittens.
assemble	verb	To gather as a group.	To put together.	To translate from assembly language to machine code.
delicate	adj	Addicted to pleasure; luxurious; voluptuous; alluring.	Affected by slight causes; showing slight changes.	Characterized by a fine structure or thin lines.	Easily damaged or requiring careful handling.	Highly discriminating or perceptive; refinedly critical; sensitive; exquisite.	Intended for use with fragile items.	Light, or softly tinted; said of a colour.	Of exacting tastes and habits; dainty; fastidious.	Of weak health; easily sick; unable to endure hardship.	Pleasing to the senses; refined; adapted to please an elegant or cultivated taste.	Refined; gentle; scrupulous not to trespass or offend; considerate; said of manners, conduct, or feelings.	Slight and shapely; lovely; graceful.	Unwell, especially because of having drunk too much alcohol.
delicate	noun	A choice dainty; a delicacy.	A delicate item of clothing, especially underwear or lingerie.	A delicate, luxurious, or effeminate person.	A moth, Mythimna vitellina.
alphabet	noun	A typically finite set of distinguishable symbols.	A writing system in which letters represent phonemes. (Contrast e.g. logography, a writing system in which each character represents a word, and syllabary, in which each character represents a syllable.)	A writing system in which there are letters for the consonant and vowel phonemes. (Contrast e.g. abjad.)	An agent of the FBI, the CIA, or another such government agency.	An individual letter of an alphabet; an alphabetic character.	The set of letters used when writing in a language.	The simplest rudiments; elements.
alphabet	verb	To designate by the letters of the alphabet; to arrange alphabetically.
cliff	noun	A point beyond which something abruptly fails or decreases in value, performance, etc.	A vertical (or nearly vertical) rock face.	Obsolete form of clef.
compliment	noun	An expression of praise, congratulation, or respect.	Complimentary language; courtesy, flattery.	Misspelling of complement.
compliment	verb	Misspelling of complement.	To pay a compliment (to someone); to express a favourable opinion (of someone).
ant	noun	A Web spider.	Any of various insects in the family Formicidae in the order Hymenoptera, typically living in large colonies composed almost entirely of flightless females.
ant	verb	To rub insects, especially ants, on one's body, perhaps to control parasites or clean feathers.
immediate	adj	An artillery fire mission modifier for two types of fire mission to denote an immediate need for fire: Immediate smoke, all guns involved must reload smoke and fire. Immediate suppression, all guns involved fire the rounds currently loaded and then switch to high explosive with impact fused (unless fuses are specified).	Embedded as part of the instruction itself, rather than stored elsewhere (such as a register or memory location).	Happening right away, instantly, with no delay.	Manifestly true; requiring no argument.	Used to denote that a transmission is urgent.	Very close; direct or adjacent.
ancestor	noun	A word or phrase which serves as the origin of a term in another language.	An earlier type; a progenitor	One from whom a person is descended, whether on the father's or mother's side, at any distance of time; a progenitor; a forefather; a forebear.	One from whom an estate has descended;—the correlative of heir.	One who had the same role or function in former times.
ancestor	verb	To be an ancestor of.
spoiled	verb	simple past and past participle of spoil
spoiled	adj	Having a selfish or greedy character due to pampering.	That has deteriorated to the point of no longer being usable or edible.	The state of being heavily pampered.
bang	noun	A factorial, in mathematics, because the factorial of n is often written as n!	A strike upon an object causing such a noise.	A sudden percussive noise.	A thrill.	Alternative form of bhang (“cannabis”).	An abrupt left turn.	An act of sexual intercourse.	An explosion.	An explosive product.	An injection, a shot (of a narcotic drug).	An offbeat figure typical of reggae songs and played on guitar and piano.	Synonym of bangs: hair hanging over the forehead, especially a hairstyle with such hair cut straight across.	The symbol !, known as an exclamation point.	strong smell (of)
bang	verb	Shortened form of gangbang, to participate in street gang criminal activity.	To be excellent; to be banging	To cut squarely across, as the tail of a horse, or a person's forelock; to cut (the hair).	To depress the prices in (a market).	To engage in sexual intercourse.	To excel or surpass.	To fail, especially an exam; to flunk.	To hammer or to hit anything hard.	To hit hard.	To inject intravenously.	To make a turn in a vehicle; to hang a right, left, or uey.	To make sudden loud noises, and often repeatedly, especially by exploding or hitting something.
bang	adv	Precisely.	Right, directly.	With a sudden impact.
bang	intj	A sudden percussive sound, such as made by the firing of a gun, slamming of a door, etc.
splendid	adj	Brilliant, excellent, of a very high standard.	Gorgeous; magnificent; sumptuous; of remarkable beauty.	Possessing or displaying splendor; shining; very bright.
transport	verb	To carry or bear from one place to another; to remove; to convey.	To deport to a penal colony.	To move (someone) to strong emotion; to carry away.
transport	noun	A deported convict.	A device that moves recording tape across the read/write heads of a tape recorder or video recorder etc.	A tractor-trailer.	A vehicle used to transport (passengers, mail, freight, troops etc.)	An act of transporting; conveyance.	The state of being transported by emotion; rapture.	The system of transporting passengers, etc. in a particular region; the vehicles used in such a system.
widely	adv	Commonly; generally; to a great degree.	In a wide manner; across a wide area.
steady	adj	Confident and cool-headed under pressure; competent; reliable, adept.	Constant in feeling, purpose, or pursuit; not fickle, changeable, or wavering; not easily moved or persuaded to alter a purpose; resolute.	Firm in standing or position; not tottering or shaking; fixed; firm.	Phlegmatic, calm; not easily upset, excited, or disturbed.	Regular and even.	Slow.	Smooth and not bumpy or with obstructions.	With whom one is going steady.
steady	verb	To become stable.	To stabilize; to prevent from shaking.
steady	particle	Aspect marker indicating consistency or intensity.
steady	noun	A prostitute's regular customer.	A regular boyfriend or girlfriend.	A rest or support, as for the hand, a tool, or a piece of work.
steady	adv	To row with pressure at a low stroke-rating, often 18 strokes per minute.
steady	intj	Alright!, way to go!, nice!
affection	noun	A disease; a morbid symptom; a malady.	A feeling of love or strong attachment.	An attribute; a quality or property; a condition.	An emotion; a feeling or natural impulse acting upon and swaying the mind.	The act of affecting or acting upon.	The state of being affected, especially: a change in, or alteration of, the emotional state of a person or other animal, caused by a subjective affect (a subjective feeling or emotion), which arises in response to a stimulus which may result from either thought or perception.
affection	verb	To feel affection for.
Christ	name	A surname.	A title given to Jesus of Nazareth, seen as the fulfiller of the messianic prophecy.	The anointed one, the savior predicted by the Old Testament.
Christ	noun	A figure or other artistic depiction of Jesus Christ.
Christ	intj	An expletive.
Robert	name	A French surname originating as a patronymic.	A male given name from the Germanic languages.
kilo	noun	Clipping of kilogram.	alternative letter-case form of Kilo from the NATO/ICAO Phonetic Alphabet.
characteristic	adj	Being a distinguishing feature of a person or thing.
characteristic	noun	A distinguishing feature of a person or thing, a part of mental or physical behavior.	For a given field or ring, a natural number that is either the smallest positive number n such that n instances of the multiplicative identity (1) summed together yield the additive identity (0) or, if no such number exists, the number 0.	The distinguishing features of a navigational light on a lighthouse etc by which it can be identified (colour, pattern of flashes etc.).	The integer part of a logarithm.
disgusting	adj	Causing disgust; repulsive; distasteful.
disgusting	verb	present participle and gerund of disgust
Mayuko	name	A female given name from Japanese.
install	verb	To admit formally into an office, rank or position.	To connect, set up or prepare something for use	To establish or settle in.	To transfer software onto a device's permanent storage and put it in a state where it is ready to be run when needed, usually decompressing it if necessary and performing any necessary pre-first-run configuration.
install	noun	An installation: a software application that has been installed.	An installation: the process of installing a software application.
efficient	adj	Causing effects, producing results; bringing into being; initiating change (rare except in philosophical and legal expression efficient cause = causative factor or agent).	Expressing the proportion of consumed energy that was successfully used in a process; the ratio of useful output to total input.	Making good, thorough, or careful use of resources; not consuming extra. Especially, making good use of time or energy.	effective, efficacious
efficient	noun	A cause; something that causes an effect.
2000		
spoil	verb	To be very eager (for something).	To carry off (goods) by force; to steal.	To go bad; to become sour or rancid; to decay.	To plunder, pillage (a city, country etc.).	To prematurely reveal major events or the ending of (a story etc.); to ruin (a surprise) by exposing ahead of time as a spoiler.	To reduce the lift generated by an airplane or wing by deflecting air upwards, usually with a spoiler.	To render (a ballot) invalid by deliberately defacing.	To ruin the character of, by overindulgence; to coddle or pamper to excess.	To ruin; to damage in such a way as to make undesirable or unusable.	To strip (someone who has been killed or defeated) of arms or armour.	To strip or deprive (someone) of possessions; to rob, despoil.
spoil	noun	Material (such as rock or earth) removed in the course of an excavation, or in mining or dredging. Tailings. Such material could be utilised somewhere else.	Plunder taken from an enemy or victim.	The act of taking plunder from an enemy or victim; spoliation, pillage, rapine.
thread	noun	A continuing theme that modifies the whole discourse.	A cord formed by spinning or twisting together textile fibers or filaments into one or more continuous strands, typically used in needlework.	A line of reasoning, sequence of ideas, or train of thought.	A piece of yarn, especially said of warps and wefts in a woven fabric.	A precarious condition; something that which offers no real or otherwise perceived security.	A screw thread.	A sequence of connections.	A series of posts or messages, consisting of an initial post and responses to it, generally relating to the same subject, on a newsgroup, Internet forum, or social media platform.	A slender stream of water.	A unit of execution, lighter in weight than a process, usually sharing memory and other resources with other threads executing concurrently.	An ordered course, that which connects the successive points in a discourse.	Any of various natural (as spiderweb, etc.) or manufactured filaments (as glass, plastic, metal, etc.).	The continuing course of life; thread of life.	The degree of fineness; quality; nature.	The line midway between the banks of a stream.
thread	verb	Of boiling syrup: To form a threadlike stream when poured from a spoon.	To cautiously make (one's way) through a precarious place or situation.	To feed (a sewing machine or otherwise a projecting or exposing mechanism, such as a projector, a camera, etc.) with film.	To fix (beads, pearls, etc.) upon a thread that is passed through; to string.	To form a screw thread on or in (a bolt, hole, etc.).	To interweave as if with thread; to intersperse.	To make one's way through or between (a constriction or obstacles).	To pass (a film or tape) through a projector, recorder, etc. so as to correct its path.	To pass a thread through the eye of a needle.	To pass through; to pierce through; to penetrate.	To remove (facial hair) by way of a looped thread that is tightly wound in the middle.
greedy	adj	Greedily sought or pursued.	Having greed; consumed by selfish desires.	Prone to overeat.	Tending to match as much text as possible.	That tries to find the global optimum by finding the local optimum at each stage.
James	name	A male given name from Hebrew popular since the Middle Ages. Also a common middle name.	A placename	A township in Timiskaming District, north-eastern Ontario, Canada.	An English surname originating as a patronymic.	An unincorporated community in Jones County, Georgia, United States.	An unincorporated community in Plymouth County, Iowa, United States.	Former name of Santiago: an island of Galapagos, Ecuador.	One of two Apostles, James the Greater and James the Less, often identified with James, brother of Jesus.	The twentieth book of the New Testament of the Bible, the general epistle of James.
prejudice	noun	A preconception, any preconceived opinion or feeling, whether positive or negative.	An adverse judgment or opinion formed beforehand or without knowledge of the facts.	An irrational hostile attitude, fear or hatred towards a particular group, race or religion.	Knowledge formed in advance; foresight, presaging.	Mischief; hurt; damage; injury; detriment.
prejudice	verb	To cause prejudice in; to bias the mind of.	To have a negative impact on (someone's position, chances etc.).
prejudice	adj	Misspelling of prejudiced.
household	noun	A line of ancestry; a race or house.	Collectively, all the persons who live in a given house; a family including attendants, servants etc.; a domestic or family establishment.	Entirety of work and management required to sustain the household.	Legal or culturally determined unit of people living together.
household	adj	Belonging to the same house and family.	Found in or having its origin in a home.	Widely known to the public; familiar.
instant	noun	A beverage or food which has been pre-processed to reduce preparation time, especially instant coffee.	A single, usually precise, point in time.	A very short period of time; a moment.	Ellipsis of instant camera.
instant	adj	Impending; imminent.	Insistent; persistent.	Lasting for a short moment; momentary; short-lived.	Occurring immediately; immediate; present.	Of the current month.	Present; current; extant.	Urgent; pressing; acute.	Very quickly and easily prepared.
instant	adv	At once; immediately.
instant	verb	To urge, press (smeone); to insist on, demand (something).
cattle	noun	Certain other livestock, such as sheep, pigs or horses.	Domesticated animal of the species Bos taurus (cows, bulls, steers, oxen etc), and other hoofed mammals of the genus Bos.	People who resemble domesticated bovine animals in behavior or destiny.	Used in restricted contexts to refer to the meat derived from cattle.	chattel
cattle	verb	Ellipsis of cattle truck (“to fuck: to break, destroy”).
Congress	name	A census-designated place in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States.	A hamlet in the Rural Municipality of Stonehenge, No. 73, Saskatchewan, Canada.	A village in Wayne County, Ohio, United States.	Clipping of Indian National Congress	The House of Representatives of the Philippines.	The legislature of the Philippines.	The two legislative bodies of the United States: the House of Representatives and the Senate.
Congress	noun	A two-year session of the Congress, commencing after a Federal election and ending before the next one.
alert	adj	Attentive; awake; on guard.	brisk; nimble; moving with celerity.
alert	noun	A notification of higher importance than an advisory.	A state of readiness for potential combat.	An alarm.	Synonym of bell (“bell character”).
alert	verb	To give warning to.
port	noun	A female connector of an electronic device, into which a cable's male connector can be inserted.	A logical or physical construct in and from which data are transferred. Computer port on Wikipedia.Wikipedia	A number that delimits a connection for specific processes or parts of a network service.	A place on the coast at which ships can shelter, or dock to load and unload cargo or passengers.	A program that has been adapted, modified, or recoded so that it works on a different platform; the act of this adapting.	A set of files used to build and install a binary executable file from the source code of an application.	A small medical appliance installed beneath the skin, connected to a vein by a catheter, and used to inject drugs or to draw blood samples.	A space between two stones wide enough for a delivered stone or bowl to pass through.	A suitcase or schoolbag.	A sweep rower that primarily rows with an oar on the port side.	A town or city containing such a place, a port city.	A type of very sweet fortified wine, mostly dark red, traditionally made in Portugal.	An entryway or gate.	An opening or doorway in the side of a ship, especially for boarding or loading; an embrasure through which a cannon may be discharged; a porthole.	An opening where a connection (such as with a pipe) is made.	An opening with a valve seat such that a valve can control the flow of fluid through the opening.	Something used to carry a thing, especially a frame for wicks in candle-making.	The left-hand side of a vessel, including aircraft, when one is facing the front. Used to unambiguously refer to directions relative to the vessel structure, rather than to a person or object on board.	The manner in which a person carries himself; bearing; deportment; carriage. See also portance.	The portfolio of a model or artist.	The position of a weapon when ported; a rifle position executed by throwing the weapon diagonally across the front of the body, with the right hand grasping the small of the stock and the barrel sloping upward and crossing the point of the left shoulder.
port	adj	Of or relating to port, the left-hand side of a vessel when facing the bow.
port	verb	To adapt, modify, or recode to work on a different platform.	To carry or transfer (an existing telephone number) from one service provider to another.	To carry, bear, bring, or transport. See porter.	To dock at a port.	To hold or carry (a weapon) with both hands so that it lies diagonally across the front of the body, with the barrel or similar part near the left shoulder and the right hand grasping the small of the stock; or, to throw (the weapon) into this position on command.	To transfer a voucher or subsidy from one jurisdiction to another.	To turn or put to the left or larboard side of a ship; said of the helm.
villager	noun	A person who lives in, or comes from, a village.	A worker unit.
rival	noun	A competitor (person, team, company, etc.) with the same goal as another, or striving to attain the same thing. Defeating a rival may be a primary or necessary goal of a competitor.	One having a common right or privilege with another; a partner.	Someone or something with similar claims of quality or distinction as another.
rival	adj	Having the same pretensions or claims; standing in competition for superiority.
rival	verb	To be equal to, or match, or to surpass another.	To oppose or compete with.	To strive to equal or excel; to emulate.
jungle	noun	A dense mass of pubic hair.	A large, undeveloped, humid forest, especially in a tropical region, that is home to many wild plants and animals; a tropical rainforest.	A place where people behave ruthlessly, unconstrained by law or morality.	A style of electronic dance music and precursor of drum and bass.	A tangled mess.	An area where hobos camp together.	Any uncultivated tract of forest or scrub habitat.	Dense rough.
jungle	adj	resembling the fast-paced drumming of traditional peoples of the jungle.
angle	noun	A change in direction.	A corner where two walls intersect.	A figure formed by two rays which start from a common point (a plane angle) or by three planes that intersect (a solid angle).	A fishhook; tackle for catching fish, consisting of a line, hook, and bait, with or without a rod.	A projecting or sharp corner; an angular fragment.	A storyline between two wrestlers, providing the background for and approach to a feud.	A viewpoint; a way of looking at something.	An ulterior motive; a scheme or means of benefiting from a situation, usually hidden, often immoral.	Any of the four cardinal points of an astrological chart: the Ascendant, the Midheaven, the Descendant and the Imum Coeli.	Any of various hesperiid butterflies.	The focus of a news story.	The measure of such a figure. In the case of a plane angle, this is the ratio (or proportional to the ratio) of the arc length to the radius of a section of a circle cut by the two rays, centered at their common point. In the case of a solid angle, this is the ratio of the surface area to the square of the radius of the section of a sphere.
angle	verb	To attempt to subtly persuade someone to offer a desired thing.	To change direction rapidly.	To hamper (oneself or one's opponent) by leaving the cue ball in the jaws of a pocket such that the surround of the pocket (the "angle") blocks the path from cue ball to object ball.	To place (something) at an angle.	To present or argue something in a particular way or from a particular viewpoint.	To try to catch fish with a hook and line.
Parent	name	A surname.
A	character	The first letter of the English alphabet, called a and written in the Latin script.
A	num	The ordinal number first, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called a and written in the Latin script.
A	symbol	A blood type that has a specific antigen that aggravates the immune response in people with type B antigen in their blood. People with this blood type may receive blood from type A or type O but cannot receive blood from AB or B.	A rank, normally the highest rank, on any of various scales that assign letters.	A tone three fifths above C in the cycle of fifths; the sixth tone of the C major scale; the first note of the minor scale of A minor; the reference tone that occurs at exactly 440 Hz; the printed or written note A; the scale with A as its keynote.	A universal affirmative suggestion.	Abbreviation of adulterer or adulteress, used as a human brand.	Allele dominant.	Alternative spelling of A.M. (“ante meridiem”) or AM	Mass number.	The highest letter grade assigned (disregarding plusses and minuses).
A	noun	Ace. (including in card games)	Acre.	Adult; as used in film rating.	Ammeter.	An assist.	Angstrom.	Answer.	Arsehole.	Asexual.	Atom.
A	adj	Atom; atomic.
reaction	noun	A transformation in which one or more substances is converted into another by combination or decomposition.	An action or statement in response to a stimulus or other event.	An icon or emoji appended to a posted message by a user to express their feeling about it.	Reactionary politics; a period in which reactionary thought or politics is resurgent or dominant.	Unpurposeful behavior.
rotten	adj	Bad or terrible.	Cruel, mean or immoral.	In a state of decay.	Of perishable items, overridden with bacteria and other infectious agents.	Of stone or rock, crumbling or friable; in a loose or disintegrated state.	Very drunk, intoxicated.
rotten	adv	To an extreme degree.
illusion	noun	A magician’s trick.	A misapprehension; a belief in something that is in fact not true.	Anything that seems to be something that it is not.	The state of being deceived or misled.
confusion	noun	A lack of clarity or order.	A state of shame or embarrassment.	Lack of understanding due to dementia.	The act of mistaking one thing for another or conflating distinct things.	The state of being confused; misunderstanding.
continent	noun	A large connected expanse of something in general.	A large contiguous landmass as opposed to its islands, peninsulas, and so forth; mainland. Also specifically, the Old World continent of Europe–Asia–Africa: see the Continent.	Any continuous tract or area of land; country, connected region.	Container, vessel, something that holds or contains something else.	Each of the traditional main regions into which the Earth’s land surface is divided, including both an extent of mainland and various conventionally associated islands, etc; namely, Africa, Europe, Asia, Australasia/Oceania, North America, South America, and Antarctica.	Land (as opposed to the water), dry land.	One of the main continuous landmasses, separated by water or geological features, on the surface of a planet, sometimes including its continental shelves and the islands on them.	Space, capacity.	The body or mass of a celestial body such as the sun or moon.	The principal or essential points of something viewed collectively: sum, summary, substance.
continent	adj	Containing or capable of containing.	Exercising self-restraint; controlled, temperate with respect to one’s bodily needs or passions, especially sex.	Having voluntary control over one’s urination or defecation.	Not interrupted; connected; continuous, whether in time or space.	Serving to restrain or limit; restraining; opposing.
procedure	noun	A particular method for performing a task.	A series of small tasks or steps taken to accomplish an end.	A subroutine or function coded to perform a specific task, but does not return a value.	A surgical operation.	That which results; issue; product.	The set of established forms or methods of an organized body for accomplishing a certain task or tasks.	The steps taken in an action or other legal proceeding.
mature	adj	Brought to a state of complete readiness.	Come to, or in a state of, completed suppuration.	Fully developed; grown up in terms of physical appearance, behaviour or thinking; ripe.	Profound; careful.	Suitable for adults only, due to sexual themes, violence, etc.
mature	verb	To attain maturity, to become mature or ripe.	To bring (something) to maturity, full development, or completion.	To make (someone) mature.	To make (something, e.g. fruit) ripe or mature.	To proceed toward maturity: full development or completion (either of concrete or of abstract things, e.g. plans, judgments, qualities).	To proceed toward or become mature or full-grown, either physically or psychologically; to gain experience or wisdom with age.	To reach the date when payment is due.
anytime	adv	At any time.
anytime	intj	A form of you're welcome in response to thank you or thanks.
anytime	adj	suitable for any time; not associated with any particular time.
pierce	verb	To create a hole in the skin for the purpose of inserting jewelry.	To get to the heart or crux of (a matter).	To penetrate; to affect deeply.	To puncture; to break through.	to break or interrupt abruptly
pierce	noun	A pierced earring.
farewell	noun	A departure; the act of leaving.	A wish of happiness or safety at parting, especially a permanent departure.
farewell	adj	Parting, valedictory, final.
farewell	intj	Goodbye; vale.
farewell	verb	To bid farewell or say goodbye.
vocabulary	noun	A range of artistic or stylistic forms or techniques.	A usually alphabetized and explained collection of words e.g. of a particular field, or prepared for a specific purpose, often for learning.	The collection of words a person knows and uses.	The stock of words used in a particular field.	The words of a language collectively; lexis.
flour	noun	Obsolete form of flower.	Powder obtained by grinding or milling cereal grains, especially wheat, or other foodstuffs such as soybeans and potatoes, and used to bake bread, cakes, and pastry.	Powder of other material.	The food made by grinding and bolting cleaned wheat (not durum or red durum) until it meets specified levels of fineness, dryness, and freedom from bran and germ, also containing any of certain enzymes, ascorbic acid, and certain bleaching agents.
flour	verb	To apply flour to something; to cover with flour.	To break up into fine globules of mercury in the amalgamation process.	To reduce to flour.
remote	adj	At a distance; disconnected.	Distant or otherwise inaccessible.	Emotionally detached.	Slight.
remote	noun	A source control repository hosted on a remote machine, rather than locally.	An element of broadcast programming originating away from the station's or show's control room.	Ellipsis of remote control.
remote	verb	To connect to a computer from a remote location.	to remove (from something or someone)
millionaire	noun	Somebody whose wealth is at least one million (10⁶) currency units.
attribute	noun	A characteristic or quality of a thing.	A numeric value representing the colours of part of the screen display.	A semantic item with which a method or other code element may be decorated.	A word that qualifies a noun.	An object that is considered typical of someone or some function, in particular as an artistic convention.	An option or setting belonging to some object.	That which is predicated or affirmed of a subject; a predicate; an accident.
attribute	verb	To ascribe (something) to a given cause, reason etc.; to affix.	To associate ownership or authorship of (something) to someone.
slam	verb	To compete in a poetry slam.	To defeat (opponents at cards) by winning all the tricks of a deal or a hand.	To defeat or overcome in a match.	To drink off, to drink quickly.	To dunk forcefully, to slam dunk.	To inject intravenously; shoot up.	To make a slam bid.	To move a customer from one service provider to another without their consent.	To occupy and busy with a high workload.	To perform coitus upon forcefully; to rail.	To put in or on a particular place with force and loud noise. (Often followed by a preposition such as down, against or into.)	To shut with sudden force so as to produce a shock and noise.	To speak badly of; to criticize forcefully.	To strike against suddenly and heavily.	To strike and take the life of or at least incapacitate for some time.	To strike forcefully with some implement.
slam	noun	A bid of six (small slam) or seven (grand slam) in a suit or no trump.	A card game, played all at once without separate turns, in which players attempt to get rid of their cards as quickly as possible according to certain rules.	A poetry slam.	A shambling fellow.	A slam dunk.	A slambook.	A subgenre of death metal with elements of hardcore punk focusing on midtempo rhythms, breakdowns and palm-muted riffs.	A sudden impact or blow.	A type of card game, also called ruff and honours.	An insult.	Losing or winning all the tricks in a game.	One of the competitions of the yearly Grand Slam events.	The shock and noise produced by violently closing a door or other object.	The yellow iron silicate produced in alum works as a waste product.	Winning all (or all but one) of the available, major or specified events in a given year or sports season.
junk	noun	A Chinese sailing vessel.	A fragment of any solid substance; a thick piece; a chunk.	Any narcotic drug, especially heroin.	Material or resources of poor quality or low value, especially resources that lack commercial value.	Miscellaneous items of little value, especially discarded or unwanted items.	Nonsense; gibberish.	Pieces of old cable or cordage, used for making gaskets, mats, swabs, etc., and when picked to pieces, forming oakum for filling the seams of ships.	Salt beef.	The genitalia, especially of a male.
junk	verb	To find something for very little money (meaning derived from the term junkshop)	To throw away.
Asian	noun	A domestic cat of a breed similar to the Burmese.	A person from or with ancestry in East or Southeast Asia, occasionally South Asia.	A person from or with ancestry in South Asia.	A person from the continent of Asia, or a descendant thereof - especially:
Asian	adj	Of, relating to or from Asia.
Twitter	name	An online social networking and microblogging service; officially known as X since 2023.
Twitter	noun	A community on Twitter.	A feed on Twitter.	A user account on Twitter.
Twitter	verb	To tweet; to post an update to Twitter.
Liisa		
technique	noun	A method of achieving something or carrying something out, especially one requiring some skill or knowledge.	Practical ability in some given field or practice, often as opposed to creativity or imaginative skill.	The practical aspects of a given art, occupation etc.; formal requirements.
handwriting	noun	A characteristic trait or hallmark by which somebody may be recognised.	Text that was written by hand.	The act or process of writing done with the hand, rather than typed or word-processed.	The characteristic writing of a particular person.
handwriting	verb	present participle and gerund of handwrite
curiosity	noun	A unique or extraordinary object which arouses interest.	Careful, delicate construction; fine workmanship, delicacy of building.	Inquisitiveness; the tendency to ask and learn about things by asking questions, investigating, or exploring.
review	noun	A forensic inspection to assess compliance with regulations or some code.	A judicial reassessment of a case or an event.	A military inspection or display for the benefit of superiors or VIPs.	A periodical which makes a survey of the arts or some other field.	A review article.	A second or subsequent reading of a text or artifact in an attempt to gain new insights.	A stage show made up of topical sketches etc.	A survey of the available items or material.	An account intended as a critical evaluation of a text or a piece of work.
review	verb	To look back over in order to correct or edit; to revise.	To look over again (something previously written or learned), especially in preparation for an examination.	To retrace; to go over again.	To survey; to look broadly over.	To view or see again; to look back on.	To write a critical evaluation of a new art work etc.; to write a review.
naughty	adj	Bad, worthless, substandard.	Evil, wicked, morally reprehensible.	Mischievous; tending to misbehave or act badly (especially of a child).	Sexually provocative; now in weakened sense, risqué, cheeky.
naughty	verb	To perform sexual acts upon.
approval	noun	An expression granting permission; an indication of agreement with a proposal; an acknowledgement that a person, thing, or event meets requirements.	An expression of favorable acceptance and encouragement; a compliment that also condones.	Something mailed by a seller to a collector to match their stated interests; the collector can approve of or return the item.
blank	adj	Abject; absolute; complete; downright; sheer; utter.	Devoid of thoughts, memory, or inspiration.	Empty; void; without result; fruitless; futile.	Free from writing, printing, or marks; having an empty space to be filled in.	Lacking characteristics which give variety; uniform.	Of ammunition: having propellant but no bullets; unbulleted.	Utterly confounded or discomfited.	White or pale; without colour.	Without expression, usually because of incomprehension.
blank	noun	A dash written in place of an omitted letter or word	A document, paper, or form with spaces left blank to be filled in at the pleasure of the person to whom it is given (e.g. a blank charter, ballot, form, contract, etc.), or as the event may determine; a blank form .	A domino without points on one or both of its divisions.	A lot by which nothing is gained; a ticket in a lottery on which no prize is indicated [since the 16th century].	A nonplus [16th century].	A piece of material roughly cut, forged, cast, etc. to the size and shape of the thing to be made, and ready for the finishing operations; (coining) the disc of metal before stamping .	A sample for a control experiment that does not contain any of the analyte of interest, in order to deliberately produce a non-detection to verify that a detection is distinguishable from it.	A small French coin, originally of silver, afterwards of copper, worth 5 deniers; also a silver coin of Henry V current in the parts of France then held by the English, worth about 8 pence .	A space to be filled in on a form or template.	A tile that can be played as any letter and having a point value of zero.	A vacant space, place, or period; a void [since the 17th century].	An empty form without substance; anything insignificant; nothing at all .	An empty space in one's memory; a forgotten item or memory [since the 18th century].	An empty space; a void, for example on a paper .	An ineffective effort which achieves nothing [since the 20th century].	An unprinted leaf of a book [20th century].	Any article of glass on which subsequent processing is required [since the 19th century].	Blank verse .	Ellipsis of blank cartridge [since the 19th century].	Infertile semen.	Provisional words printed in italics (instead of blank spaces) in a bill before Parliament, being matters of practical detail, of which the final form is to be settled in committee .	The shaved wax ready for placing on a recording machine for making wax records with a stylus [20th century].	The space character; the character resulting from pressing the space bar on a keyboard.	The white spot in the centre of a target; hence (figuratively) the object to which anything is directed or aimed, the range of such aim .	The ¹ / ₂₃₀₄₀₀ of a grain [17th century].
blank	verb	To become blank.	To experience a temporary lapse of memory; to be temporarily unable to remember a particular fact. (Commonly used in the first person, present progressive tense, and commonly followed by on to create a transitive phrasal verb.)	To ignore (a person) deliberately.	To make void; to erase.	To prevent from scoring; for example, in a sporting event.	To render ineffective by blanketing with turbulent airflow, such as from aircraft wake or reverse thrust.
specific	adj	A measure compared with a standard reference value by division, to produce a ratio without unit or dimension (e.g. specific refractive index is a pure number, and is relative to that of air).	Being a remedy for a particular disease on a deeper level, rather than just masking the symptoms	Explicit or definite.	Limited to a particular antibody or antigen.	Of a value divided by mass (e.g. specific orbital energy).	Pertaining to a species, as a taxon or taxa at the rank of species.	Serving to identify a particular thing (often a disease or condition), with little risk of mistaking something else for it.	Similarly referring to a value divided by any measure which acts to standardize it (e.g. thrust specific fuel consumption, referring to fuel consumption divided by thrust)	Special, distinctive or unique.	intended for, or applying to, a particular thing.
specific	noun	A distinguishing attribute or quality.	A remedy for a specific disease or condition.	Specification	The details; particulars.	The distinguishing part of a toponym.
chapter	noun	A bishop's council.	A chapter house	A community of canons or canonesses.	A location or compartment.	A meeting of certain organized societies or orders.	A prescribed reading at one of the canonical hours.	A section of a social body.	A section of a work, a collection of works, or fragments of works, often manuscripts or transcriptions, created by scholars or advocates, not the original authors, to aid in finding portions of the texts.	A sequence (of events), especially when presumed related and likely to continue.	An administrative division of an organization, usually local to a specific area.	An assembly of monks, prebendaries and/or other clergymen connected with a cathedral, conventual or collegiate church, or of a diocese, usually presided over by the dean.	An organized branch of some society or fraternity, such as the Freemasons.	Certain ecclesiastical bodies (under canon law)	One of the main sections into which the text of a book is divided.
chapter	verb	To divide into chapters.	To put into a chapter.	To take to task.	To use administrative procedure to remove someone.
phenomenon	noun	A fact or event considered very unusual, curious, or astonishing by those who witness it.	A kind or type of phenomenon (sense 1 or 2).	A knowable thing or event (eg by inference, especially in science).	A thing or being, event or process, perceptible through senses; or a fact or occurrence thereof.	A wonderful or very remarkable person or thing.	An experienced object whose constitution reflects the order and conceptual structure imposed upon it by the human mind (especially by the powers of perception and understanding).	Appearance; a perceptible aspect of something that is mutable.
stadium	noun	A graduated rod used to measure the distance of the place where it stands from an instrument having a telescope, by observing the number of the graduations of the rod that are seen between certain parallel wires (stadia wires) in the field of view of the telescope.	A kind of telemeter for measuring the distance of an object of known dimensions, by observing the angle it subtends.	A life stage of an organism.	A venue where sporting events are held.	An Ancient Greek racecourse, especially, the Olympic course for foot races.	Synonym of stadion, a Greek unit of length equivalent to about 185 m.
resume	verb	To start (something) again that has been stopped or paused from the point at which it was stopped or paused; continue, carry on.	To start again after an interruption or pause.	To summarise.	To take back possession of (something)
resume	noun	A summary or account of education and employment experiences and qualifications; a curriculum vitae (often for presentation to a potential future employer when applying for a job).	A summary or synopsis.
organ	noun	A body of an organization dedicated to the performing of certain functions.	A device, apparatus.	A government organization; agency; authority.	A musical instrument that has multiple pipes which play when a key is pressed (the pipe organ), or an electronic instrument designed to replicate such.	An Asian form of mitrailleuse.	An official magazine, newsletter, or similar publication of an organization.	Ellipsis of organ pipe cactus.	The larger part of an organism, composed of tissues that perform similar functions.	The penis.
organ	verb	To supply with an organ or organs; to fit with organs.
stake	noun	A piece of wood driven in the ground, placed in the middle of the court, that is used as the finishing point after scoring 12 hoops in croquet.	A piece of wood or other material, usually long and slender, pointed at one end so as to be easily driven into the ground as a marker or a support or stay.	A share or interest in a business or a given situation.	A small anvil usually furnished with a tang to enter a hole in a bench top, as used by tinsmiths, blacksmiths, etc., for light work, punching hole in or cutting a work piece, or for specific forming techniques etc.	A stick or similar object (e.g., steel channel or angle stock) inserted upright in a lop, eye, or mortise, at the side or end of a cart, flat car, flatbed trailer, or the like, to prevent goods from falling off; often connected in a grid forming a stakebody.	A territorial division comprising all the Mormons (typically several thousand) in a geographical area.	That which is laid down as a wager; that which is staked or hazarded; a pledge.	The piece of timber to which a person condemned to death was affixed to be burned.
stake	verb	To deposit and risk a considerable amount of cryptocurrency in order to participate in the proof of stake process of verification.	To fasten, support, defend, or delineate with stakes.	To pierce or wound with a stake.	To provide (another) with money in order to engage in an activity as betting or a business venture.	To put at risk upon success in competition, or upon a future contingency.
hen	noun	A bride-to-be, particularly in the context of a hen night.	A female chicken (Gallus gallus), particularly a sexually mature one kept for her eggs.	A female fish (especially a salmon or trout) or crustacean.	A female of other bird species, particularly a sexually mature female fowl.	A hen night.	A henlike person of either sex.	A large pewter pot used in a tavern.	A woman.	An affectionate term of address used to women or girls.	The hard clam (Mercenaria mercenaria), a bivalve shellfish.	The penis of a trans woman.
hen	verb	Alternative form of mother-hen.	To throw.
hen	adv	Hence.
nickname	noun	A familiar, invented name for a person or thing used instead of the actual name of the person or thing, often based on some noteworthy characteristic.	A familiar, shortened or diminutive name for a person or thing.
nickname	verb	To give a nickname to (a person or thing).
compete	verb	To be in a position in which it is possible to win or triumph.	To be in battle or in a rivalry with another for the same thing, position, or reward; to contend	To strive to achieve or obtain something which another also strives for, whether knowingly or unknowingly.	To take part in a contest, game or similar event
heater	noun	A dead heat; a race in which two or more competitors reach the finish line simultaneously.	A device that produces and radiates heat, typically to raise the temperature of a room or building.	A fastball, especially one thrown at high velocity.	A gun.	A medieval European shield having a rounded triangle shape like a clothes iron.	A person who heats something, for example in metalworking.	An extended winning streak.	Synonym of banger (“powerfully energetic or very good song”).
imply	verb	to enfold, entangle.	to have as a necessary consequence; to lead to (something) as a consequence	to hint; to insinuate; to suggest tacitly and avoid a direct statement	to suggest by logical inference
rank	adj	Causing strong growth; producing luxuriantly; rich and fertile.	Gross, disgusting, foul.	Having a very strong and bad taste or odor.	Headstrong; difficult to control.	Strong in growth; growing with vigour or rapidity, hence, coarse or gross.	Strong to the senses; offensive; noisome.	Strong; powerful; capable of acting or being used with great effect; energetic; vigorous; headstrong.	Suffering from overgrowth or hypertrophy; plethoric.	complete, unmitigated, utter.	lustful; lascivious
rank	adv	Quickly, eagerly, impetuously.
rank	noun	A category of people, such as those who share an occupation or belong to an organisation.	A hierarchical level in an organization such as the military.	A level in a scientific taxonomy system.	A row of people or things organized in a grid pattern, often soldiers.	In a pipe organ, a set of pipes of a certain quality for which each pipe corresponds to one key or pedal.	One of the eight horizontal lines of squares on a chessboard (i.e., those identified by a number).	One's position in a list sorted by a shared property such as physical location, population, popularity, or quality.	The dimensionality of an array (computing) or tensor.	The level of one's position in a class-based society.	The maximal number of linearly independent columns (or rows) of a matrix.	The maximum quantity of D-linearly independent elements of a module (over an integral domain D).	The size of any basis of a given matroid.	The value of a playing card.
rank	verb	To assign a suitable place in a class or order; to classify.	To have a ranking.	To place abreast or in a line.	To take the rank of; to outrank.
unite	verb	To bring together as one.	To come together as one.
unite	noun	A British gold coin worth 20 shillings, first produced during the reign of King James I, and bearing a legend indicating the king's intention of uniting the kingdoms of England and Scotland.
roast	verb	To admonish someone vigorously.	To cook by surrounding with hot embers, ashes, sand, etc.	To cook food by heating in an oven or over a fire without covering, resulting in a crisp, possibly even slightly charred appearance.	To dissipate the volatile parts of by heat, as ores.	To heat to excess; to heat violently; to burn.	To process by drying through exposure to sun or artificial heat.	To subject to bantering, severely criticize, sometimes as a comedy routine.
roast	noun	A comical event, originally fraternal, where a person is subjected to verbal attack, yet may be praised by sarcasm and jokes.	A creative insult as a response to something someone said.	A meal consisting of roast foods.	A piece of meat suited to roasting; meat that has been roasted.	A social event at which food is roasted and eaten.	An instance of being severely admonished, criticized, roasted.	The degree to which something, especially coffee, is roasted.
roast	adj	Having been cooked by roasting.	Subjected to roasting; bantered; severely criticized.
traveler	noun	US standard spelling of traveller.
fade	adj	Strong; bold; doughty.	Weak; insipid; tasteless.
fade	noun	A fight.	A golf shot that curves intentionally to the player's right (if they are right-handed) or to the left (if left-handed).	A gradual decrease in the brightness of a shot or the volume of sound or music (as a means of cutting to a new scene or starting a new song).	A haircut where the hair is short or shaved on the sides of the head and longer on top. See also high-top fade and low fade.	The act of disappearing from a place so as not to be found; covert departure.
fade	verb	To bet against (someone).	To cause to fade.	To grow weak; to lose strength; to decay; to perish gradually; to wither, as a plant.	To hit the ball with the shot called a fade.	To lose freshness, color, or brightness; to become faint in hue or tint; hence, to be wanting in color.	To sink away; to disappear gradually; to grow dim; to vanish.
December	name	A female given name transferred from the month name [in turn from English].	A surname.	The twelfth and last month of the Gregorian calendar, following November and preceding the January of the following year, containing the southern solstice.
hunting	noun	Fluctuation or oscillation that does not stabilize.	The act of finding and killing a wild animal, either for sport or with the intention of using its parts to make food, clothes, etc.	The act of looking for something, especially for a job or flat.	The process of determining which of a group of telephone lines will receive a call.
hunting	verb	present participle and gerund of hunt
Sun	name	A surname.	An English tabloid newspaper.	The 91st sura (chapter) of the Qur'an.	The star at the center of the Solar System (our solar system), which shines in our sky, represented in astronomy and astrology by ☉.
Sun	noun	Abbreviation of Sunday.
sixty	num	The cardinal number occurring after fifty-nine and before sixty-one, represented in Roman numerals as LX and in Arabic numerals as 60.
sixty	noun	A commercial lasting 60 seconds.
agency	noun	A department or other administrative unit of a government; also, the office or headquarters of, or the district administered by, such unit of government.	A medium through which power is exerted or an end is achieved.	An establishment engaged in doing business for another; also, the place of business or the district of such an agency.	The capacity of individuals to act independently and to make their own free choices.	The capacity, condition, or state of acting or of exerting power.	The office or function of an agent; also, the relationship between a principal and that person's agent.
bound	verb	To be the bound of.	To cause to leap.	To cause to rebound; to throw so that it will rebound; to bounce.	To leap, move by jumping.	To rebound; to bounce.	To surround a territory or other geographical entity; to form the boundary of.	simple past and past participle of bind
bound	adj	Confined or restricted to a certain place.	Constipated; costive.	Constrained by a quantifier.	Obliged (to).	Ready to start or go (to); moving in the direction (of).	Ready, prepared.	That cannot stand alone as a free word.	Unable to move in certain conditions.	Very likely (to), certain to
bound	noun	A bounce; a rebound.	A boundary, the border which one must cross in order to enter or leave a territory.	A sizeable jump, great leap.	A spring from one foot to the other in dancing.	A value which is known to be greater or smaller than a given set of values.
rifle	noun	A firearm fired from the shoulder; improved range and accuracy is provided by a long, rifled barrel.	A rifleman.	A strip of wood covered with emery or a similar material, used for sharpening scythes.	An artillery piece with a rifled barrel.
rifle	verb	To add a spiral groove to a gun bore to make a fired bullet spin in flight in order to improve range and accuracy.	To cause (a projectile, as a rifle bullet) to travel in a flat ballistic trajectory.	To commit robbery or theft.	To dispose of in a raffle.	To engage in a raffle.	To move in a flat ballistic trajectory (as a rifle bullet).	To quickly search through many items (such as papers, the contents of a drawer, a pile of clothing). (See also riffle)	To search with intent to steal; to ransack, pillage or plunder.	To seize and bear away by force; to snatch away; to carry off.	To strip of goods; to rob; to pillage.
August	name	A census-designated place in San Joaquin County, California, United States.	A female given name from English derived from the month (of birth).	A male given name from Latin.	A surname from Latin.	The eighth month of the Roman, Julian, and Gregorian calendars, following July and preceding September.
imitate	verb	To follow as a model or a pattern; to make a copy, counterpart or semblance of.
novelist	noun	An author of novels.	An innovator; one who introduces something new; one who favours novelty.
thumb	noun	A thumbnail picture.	The part of a slider that may be moved linearly along the slider.	The short thick digit of the hand that for humans has the most mobility and can be made to oppose (moved to touch) all of the other fingers.
thumb	verb	To fire (a single action revolver) quickly by pulling the hammer while keeping the trigger depressed.	To hitchhike.	To manipulate (an object) with the thumb; especially, to pull back the hammer or open the cylinder of a revolver.	To soil or wear with the thumb or the fingers; to soil, or wear out, by frequent handling.	To touch or cover with the thumb.	To turn the pages of (a book) in order to read it cursorily.
Obama	name	A Japanese surname.	A city in Fukui Prefecture, Japan. See Wikipedia:Obama, Fukui.	A samurai clan of feudal Japan.	An African surname from Luo.	Barack Obama, 44th president of the United States of America.
overhear	verb	To hear something that was not meant for one's ears.
Laurie	name	A city in Morgan County and Camden County, Missouri, United States.	A commune in Cantal department, Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, France.	A diminutive of the female given name Laura; popular as a female given name in the US in the mid-twentieth century.	A diminutive of the female given name Lauren.	A diminutive of the male given names Laurence or Lawrence; alternative form of Lawrie; a pet form of the male given name Laurence or Lawrence.	A surname transferred from the given name.	A unisex given name.
congratulation	noun	The act of congratulating.
correspond	verb	To be equivalent or similar in character, quantity, quality, origin, structure, function etc.	To have sex with.	to exchange messages, especially by postal letter, over a period of time.
defense	noun	A prohibition; a prohibitory ordinance.	A strategy and tactics employed to prevent the other team from scoring; contrasted with offense.	An argument in support or justification of something.	Anything employed to oppose attack(s).	Government policy or (infra)structure related to the military.	The action of defending or protecting from attack, danger, or injury.	The case presented by the defendant in a legal proceeding.	The lawyer or team thereof who presents such a case.	The portion of a team dedicated to preventing the other team from scoring; contrasted with offense.
defense	verb	To employ defensive tactics (so as to block).	To furnish with defenses; to defend, protect.
winner	noun	A point or goal that wins a competition.	One who has won or often wins.
sensible	adj	Able to be sensed by the senses or the psyche; able to be perceived.	Able to feel or perceive.	Acting with or showing good sense; able to make good judgements based on reason or wisdom, or reflecting such ability.	Characterized more by usefulness, practicality, or comfort than by attractiveness, formality, or fashionableness, especially of clothing.	Cognizant; having the perception of something; aware of something.	Liable to external impression; easily affected; sensitive.	Of or pertaining to the senses; sensory.
sensible	noun	Sensation; sensibility.	That which has sensibility; a sensitive being.	That which impresses itself on the senses; anything perceptible.
gut	noun	A class that is not demanding or challenging.	A narrow passage of water.	A person's emotional, visceral self.	The abdomen of a person, especially one that is enlarged.	The alimentary canal, especially the intestine.	The intestines of an animal used to make strings of a tennis racket or violin, etc.	The sac of silk taken from a silkworm when ready to spin its cocoon, for the purpose of drawing it out into a thread. When dry, it is exceedingly strong, and is used as the snood of a fishing line.
gut	verb	To dishearten; to crush (the spirits of).	To eviscerate.	To remove or destroy the most important parts of.
gut	adj	Instinctive.	Made of gut.
accommodate	verb	To adapt oneself; to be conformable or adapted; become adjusted.	To cause to come to agreement; to bring about harmony; to reconcile.	To change focal length in order to focus at a different distance.	To contain comfortably; to have space for.	To do a favor or service for; to oblige.	To give consideration to; to allow for.	To provide housing for.	To provide sufficient space for.	To provide with something desired, needed, or convenient.	To render fit, suitable, or correspondent; to adapt.	To show the correspondence of; to apply or make suit by analogy; to adapt or fit, as teachings to accidental circumstances, statements to facts, etc.
accommodate	adj	Suitable; fit; adapted; as, means accommodate to end.
harsh	adj	Severe or cruel.	Unpleasantly rough to the touch or other senses.
harsh	verb	To negatively criticize.	To put a damper on (a mood).
dinosaur	noun	Any extinct reptile, not necessarily belonging to Dinosauria, that existed between about 230 million and 65 million years ago, as well as the stem-mammal Dimetrodon.	Any member of the clade Dinosauria other than birds.	Any of the animals belonging to the clade Dinosauria, especially those that existed during the Triassic, Jurassic and Cretaceous periods and are now extinct.	Anything no longer in common use or practice.	Something or someone that is very old or old-fashioned, or is not willing to change and adapt.
latter	adj	In the past, but close (or closer) to the present time.	Near (or nearer) to the end.	Relating to or being the second of two items.
refresh	verb	To become fresh again; to be revitalized.	To cause (a web browser or similar software) to refresh its display.	To perform the periodic energizing required to maintain the contents of computer memory, the display luminance of a computer screen, etc.	To reload (a document, especially a webpage) and show any new changes.	To renew or revitalize.	To take refreshment; to eat or drink.
refresh	noun	The periodic energizing required to maintain the contents of computer memory, the display luminance of a computer screen, etc.	The process of modernizing something.	The update of a display (in a web browser or similar software) to show the latest version of the data.
distribute	verb	To apportion (more or less evenly).	To be distributive.	To classify or separate into categories.	To deliver or pass out.	To divide into portions and dispense.	To employ (a term) in its whole extent; to take as universal in one premise.	To have employees working remotely from multiple locations.	To scatter or spread.	To separate (type which has been used) and return it to the proper boxes in the cases.	To spread (ink) evenly, as upon a roller or a table.	To supply to retail outlets.
wit	noun	A person who tells funny anecdotes or jokes; someone witty.	Humour, especially when clever or quick.	Intellectual ability; faculty of thinking, reasoning.	Intelligence; common sense.	Sanity.	The ability to think quickly; mental cleverness, especially under short time constraints.	The senses.
wit	verb	To know, be aware of (constructed with of when used intransitively).
wit	prep	Pronunciation spelling of with.
manual	noun	A bicycle technique whereby the front wheel is held aloft by the rider, without the use of pedal force.	A booklet that instructs on the usage of a particular machine or product.	A device that is operated using the hands, or by a human rather than a machine.	A drill in the use of weapons, etc.	A keyboard for the hands on a harpsichord, organ, or other musical instrument.	A keyboard on an organ.	A manual transmission; a gearbox, especially of a motorized vehicle, shifted by the operator.	A manual typewriter (as contrasted with an electronic one).	A procedure or operation that is done using the hands, or by a human rather than machine.	A similar maneuver on a skateboard, lifting the front or back wheels while keeping the tail or nose of the board from touching the ground.	A vehicle with a manual transmission.	An old office-book like the modern Roman Catholic ritual.	Manual control or operation.	Manual measurement of the blood pressure, done with a manual sphygmomanometer.	Synonym of handbook.
manual	adj	Operated by means of the hands.	Performed by a human rather than a machine.	Performed with the hands.
voyage	noun	A long journey, especially by ship.	A written account of a journey or travel.	The act or practice of travelling.
voyage	verb	To go on a long journey.
disguise	noun	A change of behaviour resulting from intoxication, drunkenness.	Material (such as clothing, makeup, a wig) used to alter one’s visual appearance in order to hide one's identity or assume another.	The act or state of disguising, notably as a ploy.	The appearance of something on the outside which masks what’s beneath.
disguise	verb	To affect or change by liquor; to intoxicate.	To avoid giving away or revealing (something secret); to hide by a false appearance.	To change the appearance of (a person or thing) so as to hide, or to assume an identity.	To dissemble, to talk or act falsely while concealing one’s thoughts.	To dress in newfangled or showy clothing, to deck out in new fashions.	To transform or disfigure, to change the appearance of in general.
honeymoon	noun	A period of goodwill at the beginning of a new term or relationship (e.g. towards a newly elected politician or in respect of a new business arrangement).	A trip taken by a newly married couple during this period.	The period of time immediately following a marriage.
honeymoon	verb	To have a honeymoon (a trip taken by a couple after wedding).
silk	noun	A Queen's Counsel, King's Counsel or Senior Counsel.	A fine fiber excreted by the silkworm or other arthropod (such as a spider).	A fine, soft cloth woven from silk fibers.	A pair of long silk sheets suspended in the air on which a performer performs tricks.	Anything which resembles silk, such as the filiform styles of the female flower of maize, or the seed covering of bombaxes.	The garments worn by a jockey displaying the colors of the horse's owner.	The gown worn by a Senior (i.e. Queen's/King's) Counsel.
silk	verb	To remove the silk from (corn).
tolerate	verb	To allow or permit without explicit approval, usually if it is perceived as negative.	To bear, withstand.
concrete	adj	Analogous to the categories of algebraic objects which category theory was created to generalize, in the sense of having objects which can be thought of as sets equipped with some additional structure. Formally, equipped with a faithful functor to the category of sets.	Being or applying to actual things, rather than abstract qualities or categories.	Equipped with a faithful functor to X (called a base category), in which case C is called a concrete category over X.	Made of concrete (building material).	Made up of separate parts; composite.	Not liquid or fluid; solid.	Particular, specific, rather than general.	Real, actual, tangible.
concrete	noun	A building material created by mixing cement, water, and aggregate such as gravel and sand.	A dessert of frozen custard with various toppings.	A term designating both a quality and the subject in which it exists; a concrete term.	An extract of herbal materials that has a semi-solid consistency, especially when such materials are partly aromatic.	Any solid mass formed by the coalescence of separate particles; a compound substance, a concretion.	Sugar boiled down from cane juice to a solid mass.
concrete	verb	To cover with or encase in concrete (building material).	To solidify: to change from being abstract to being concrete (actual, real).	To unite or coalesce into a solid mass.
November	name	A female given name.	The eleventh month of the Gregorian calendar, following October and preceding December.
camel	noun	A beast of burden, much used in desert areas, of the genus Camelus.	A fairy chess piece that is moved three squares in one direction and one at right angles to that direction in a single move, leaping over any intervening pieces.	A light brownish color, like that of a camel (also called camel brown).	A person of Middle Eastern origin.	A vessel or tank, typically paired, used to make an object more buoyant.	Synonym of giraffe.
camel	adj	Of a light brown color like that of a camel.
mostly	adv	Mainly or chiefly; for the most part; usually, generally, on the whole.	To the greatest extent; most.
nest	noun	A circular bed of pasta, rice, etc. to be topped or filled with other foods.	A collection of boxes, cases, or the like, of graduated size, each put within the one next larger.	A compact group of pulleys, gears, springs, etc., working together or collectively.	A fixed number of cards in some bidding games awarded to the highest bidder allowing him to exchange any or all with cards in his hand.	A fortified position for a weapon.	A hideout for bad people to frequent or haunt; a den.	A home that a child or young adult shares with a parent or guardian.	A place used by a monotreme, fish, amphibian or insect, for depositing eggs and hatching young.	A retreat, or place of habitual resort.	A snug, comfortable, or cosy residence or job situation.	A structure built by a bird as a place to incubate eggs and rear young.	A structure consisting of nested structures, such as nested loops or nested subroutine calls.	An aggregated mass of any ore or mineral, in an isolated state, within a rock.	The pubic hair near a vulva or a vulva itself.
nest	verb	To build or settle into a nest.	To hunt for birds' nests or their contents (usually "go nesting").	To place in, or as if in, a nest.	To place one thing neatly inside another, and both inside yet another (and so on).	To settle into a home.	To successively neatly fit inside another.
International	name	A make of truck and other vehicles formerly manufactured by International Harvester.
Greece	name	A country in Southeast Europe. Official name: Hellenic Republic. Capital and largest city: Athens.
depart	verb	To deviate (from), be different (from), fail to conform.	To die.	To disappear, vanish; to cease to exist.	To divide up; to distribute, share.	To go away from; to leave.	To leave.	To lose control of an aircraft; to "depart" (sense 5) from controlled flight (with the aircraft as the direct object)	To separate, part.	To set out on a journey.
depart	noun	A going away; departure.	Division; separation, as of compound substances.
aircraft	noun	A vehicle capable of atmospheric flight due to interaction with the air, such as buoyancy or lift.
civil	adj	Behaving in a reasonable or polite manner; avoiding displays of hostility.	Having to do with people and government office as opposed to the military or religion.	In a peaceful and well-ordered state.	Relating to private relations among citizens, as opposed to criminal matters.	Secular.
substitute	verb	To remove (a player) from the field of play and bring on another in his place.	To serve as a replacement (for someone or something).	To use X in place of Y.	To use Y in place of X; to replace X with Y.	To use in place of something else, with the same function.
substitute	noun	A player who is available to replace another if the need arises, and who may or may not actually do so.	A replacement or stand-in for something that achieves a similar result or purpose.	A substitute teacher.	Abbreviation of substitute good.	One who enlists for military service in the place of a conscript.
aspect	noun	A grammatical quality of a verb which determines the relationship of the speaker to the internal temporal flow of the event which the verb describes, or whether the speaker views the event from outside as a whole, or from within as it is unfolding.	A phase or a partial, but significant view or description of something.	Any specific feature, part, or element of something.	Appearance to the eye or the mind; look; view.	In aspect-oriented programming, a feature or component that can be applied to parts of a program independent of any inheritance hierarchy.	One's appearance or expression.	Position or situation with regard to seeing; that position which enables one to look in a particular direction; position in relation to the points of the compass.	Prospect; outlook.	The act of looking at something; gaze.	The personified manifestation of a deity that represents one or more of its characteristics or functions.	The relative position of heavenly bodies as they appear to an observer on earth; the angular relationship between points in a horoscope.	The visual indication of a colour light (or mechanical) signal as displayed to the driver. With three-aspect colour light signals this would be red, yellow or green, and on four-aspect signals, double-yellow also; a two-aspect signal displays red or green.	The way something appears when considered from a certain point of view.	The way something appears when viewed from a certain direction or perspective.
aspect	verb	To channel a divine being.	To have a particular aspect or type of aspect.	To look at.
consent	verb	To agree in opinion or sentiment; to be of the same mind; to accord; to concur.	To cause to sign a consent form.	To express willingness, to give permission.	To grant; to allow; to assent to.
consent	noun	Advice; counsel.	Unity or agreement of opinion, sentiment, or inclination.	Voluntary agreement or permission.
inspire	verb	To breathe into; to fill with the breath; to animate.	To draw in by the operation of breathing; to inhale.	To infuse by breathing, or as if by breathing.	To infuse into the mind; to communicate to the spirit; to convey, as by a divine or supernatural influence; to disclose preternaturally; to produce in, as by inspiration.	To infuse into; to affect, as with a superior or supernatural influence; to fill with what animates, enlivens or exalts; to communicate inspiration to.	To spread rumour indirectly.
cent	noun	A coin having face value of one cent (in either of the above senses).	A hundredth of a semitone or half step.	A small sum of money.	A subunit of currency equal to one-hundredth of the euro.	A subunit of currency equal to one-hundredth of the main unit of currency in many countries. Symbol: ¢.	A unit of reactivity equal to one hundredth of a dollar.	Abbreviation of center.	Abbreviation of centigrade.	Abbreviation of centum (“one hundred”).	Abbreviation of century.
worm	noun	A contemptible or devious being.	A dance, or dance move, in which the dancer lies on the floor and undulates the body horizontally thereby moving forwards.	A generally tubular invertebrate of the annelid phylum; an earthworm.	A graphical representation of the total runs scored across a number of overs.	A maggot.	A muscular band in the tongue of some animals, such as dogs; the lytta.	A self-replicating malware that propagates through a network.	A short revolving screw whose threads drive, or are driven by, a worm wheel or rack by gearing into its teeth.	A spiral instrument or screw, often like a double corkscrew, used for drawing balls from firearms.	A strip of linked tiles sharing parallel edges in a tiling.	A type of wingless "dragon", especially a gigantic sea serpent or any kind of dragon.	An internal tormentor; something that gnaws or afflicts one’s mind with remorse.	Any creeping or crawling animal, such as a snake, snail, or caterpillar.	Anything helical, especially the thread of a screw.	Either a mythical "dragon" (especially wingless), a gigantic sea serpent, or a creature that resembles a Mongolian death worm.	More loosely, any of various tubular invertebrates resembling annelids but not closely related to them, such as velvet worms, acorn worms, flatworms, or roundworms.	The condensing tube of a still, often curved and wound to save space.	The lytta.	The spiral wire of a corkscrew.
worm	verb	To clean by means of a worm; to draw a wad or cartridge from, as a firearm.	To cut the worm, or lytta, from under the tongue of (a dog, etc.) for the purpose of checking a disposition to gnaw, and formerly supposed to guard against canine madness.	To deworm (an animal).	To drag out of, to get information that someone is reluctant or unwilling to give (through artful or devious means or by pleading or asking repeatedly).	To effect, remove, drive, draw, or the like, by slow and secret means.	To fill in the contlines of (a rope) before parcelling and serving.	To make (one's way) with a crawling motion.	To move with one's body dragging the ground.	To work (one's way or oneself) (into) gradually or slowly; to insinuate.	To work one's way by artful or devious means.
conquer	verb	To acquire by force of arms, win in war; to become ruler of; to subjugate.	To defeat in combat; to subjugate.	To gain, win, or obtain by effort.	To overcome an abstract obstacle.
passage	noun	A fee paid for passing or for being conveyed between places.	A gambling game for two players using three dice, in which the object is to throw a double over ten.	A movement in classical dressage, in which the horse performs a very collected, energetic, and elevated trot that has a longer period of suspension between each foot fall than a working trot.	A paragraph or section of text or music with particular meaning.	A passageway or corridor.	A strait or other narrow waterway.	An incident or episode.	An underground cavity, formed by water or falling rocks, which is much longer than it is wide.	Part of a path or journey.	Serial passage.	The act of passing; movement across or through.	The advance of time.	The official approval of a bill or act by a parliament.	The right to pass from one place to another.	The use of tight brushwork to link objects in separate spatial plains. Commonly seen in Cubist works.	The vagina.
passage	verb	To execute a passage movement.	To make a passage, especially by sea; to cross.	To pass something, such as a pathogen or stem cell, through a host or medium.
passage	adj	Of a bird: Less than a year old but living on its own, having left the nest.
pulse	noun	A beat or throb; also, a repeated sequence of such beats or throbs.	A brief burst of electromagnetic energy, such as light, radio waves, etc.	A brief increase in the strength of an electrical signal; an impulse.	A normally regular beat felt when arteries near the skin (for example, at the neck or wrist) are depressed, caused by the heart pumping blood through them.	A setting on a food processor which causes it to work in a series of short bursts rather than continuously, in order to break up ingredients without liquidizing them; also, a use of this setting.	A timed, coordinated connection, when multiple public transportation vehicles are at a hub at the same time so that passengers can flexibly connect between them.	An (increased) amount of a substance (such as a drug or an isotopic label) given over a short time.	Annual leguminous plants (such as beans, lentils, and peas) yielding grains or seeds used as food for humans or animals; (countable) such a plant; a legume.	Edible grains or seeds from leguminous plants, especially in a mature, dry condition; (countable) a specific kind of such a grain or seed.	Synonym of autosoliton (“a stable solitary localized structure that arises in nonlinear spatially extended dissipative systems due to mechanisms of self-organization”).	The beat or tactus of a piece of music or verse; also, a repeated sequence of such beats.	The focus of energy or vigour of an activity, place, or thing; also, the feeling of bustle, busyness, or energy in a place; the heartbeat.	The nature or rate of this beat as an indication of a person's health.
pulse	verb	Of an activity, place, or thing: to bustle with energy and liveliness; to pulsate.	To apply an electric current or signal that varies in strength to (something).	To emit or impel (something) in pulses or waves.	To expand and contract repeatedly, like an artery when blood is flowing though it, or the heart; to beat, to throb, to vibrate, to pulsate.	To give to (something, especially a cell culture) an (increased) amount of a substance, such as a drug or an isotopic label, over a short time.	To manipulate (an electric current, electromagnetic wave, etc.) so that it is emitted in pulses.	To operate a food processor on (some ingredient) in short bursts, to break it up without liquidizing it.
spelling	verb	present participle and gerund of spell
spelling	noun	A choice of notation among enharmonic equivalents for the same pitch.	A specific spelling of a word.	A spelling test or spelling bee.	The act, practice, ability, or subject of forming words with letters, or of reading the letters of words; orthography.	The manner of spelling of words; correct spelling.
dependent	adj	Hanging down.	Having a probability that is affected by the outcome of a separate event.	Of part of the body: positioned lower than the heart, like the legs while standing up, or the back while supine.	Relying upon; depending upon.	Used after a particle (with one or two exceptions), such as those which express questions, subordinate clauses, and negative sentences.
dependent	noun	A person who relies on another for support or sustenance, particularly financial support.	An element in phrase or clause structure that is not the head. Includes complements, modifiers and determiners.	The aorist subjunctive or subjunctive perfective: a form of a verb not used independently but preceded by a particle to form the negative or a tense form. Found in Greek and in the Gaelic languages.	dependent (origination), in Buddhism, the idea that the existence of everything is conditional and dependent on a cause, and that nothing happens fortuitously or by chance.
mend	verb	Chiefly used together with make: to make repairs.	Chiefly with the impersonal pronoun it: to provide a benefit to (someone); to advantage, to profit.	Followed by of: to recover from a bad state; to get better, to grow out of.	In mend one's pace: to adjust (a pace or speed), especially to match that of someone or something else; also, to quicken or speed up (a pace).	Now only in least said, soonest mended: to make amends or reparation.	Of a person: to become healthy again; to recover from illness.	Of an animal: to gain weight, to fatten.	Of an error, fault, etc.: to be corrected or put right.	Of an illness: to become less severe; also, of an injury or wound, or an injured body part: to get better, to heal.	To add fuel to (a fire).	To add one or more things in order to improve (something, especially wages); to supplement; also, to remedy a shortfall in (something).	To adjust or correctly position (something; specifically (nautical), a sail).	To advance to a better state; to become less bad or faulty; to improve.	To advantage, to avail, to help.	To become morally improved or reformed.	To cause (a person or animal) to gain weight; to fatten.	To correct or put right (an error, a fault, etc.); to rectify, to remedy.	To correct or put right the defects, errors, or faults of (something); to amend, to emend, to fix.	To improve in amount or price.	To improve the condition or fortune of (oneself or someone).	To increase the quality of (someone or something); to better, to improve on; also, to produce something better than (something else).	To make amends or reparation for (a wrong done); to atone.	To physically repair (something that is broken, defaced, decayed, torn, or otherwise damaged).	To put (something) in a better state; to ameliorate, to improve, to reform, to set right.	To put out (a candle).	To reform (oneself).	To relieve (distress); to alleviate, to ease.	To remove fault or sin from (someone, or their behaviour or character); to improve morally, to reform.	To repair the clothes of (someone).	To restore (someone or something) to a healthy state; to cure, to heal.
mend	noun	A place in a thing (such as a tear in clothing) which has been repaired.	An act of repairing.	Chiefly in on the mend: improvement in health; recovery from illness.	Recompense; restoration or reparation, especially (Christianity) from sin.	Senses relating to improvement or repairing.
Hotel		
10000		
delivery	noun	A ball bowled.	A cross or pass	A pitching motion.	A thrown pitch.	Process of introducing foreign DNA into host cells.	The act of conveying something.	The act of giving birth	The administration of a drug.	The item which has been conveyed.	The manner of speaking or singing.	The process of throwing a stone.
kidnap	verb	To seize or detain a person unlawfully and move or conceal them; sometimes for ransom.
kidnap	noun	The crime, or an instance, of kidnapping.
refugee	noun	A person seeking refuge (as for shelter or protection), especially in a foreign country, out of fear or prospect of political, religious persecution, war, natural disaster, etc.	A person who is fleeing from justice, punishment deemed righteous, etc.; a runaway, a fugitive.
refugee	verb	To convey (slaves) away from the advance of the federal forces.
leisure	noun	Free time, time free from work or duties.	Freedom provided by the cessation of activities.	Time at one's command, free from engagement; convenient opportunity; hence, convenience; ease.
exceed	verb	To be better than (something).	To be larger, greater than (something).	To go beyond (some limit); to surpass; to be longer than.	To go too far; to be excessive.	To predominate.
running	verb	present participle and gerund of run
running	adj	Consecutive (much more commonly expressed by an adverb; see below).	Continuous; ongoing; keeping along step by step.	Discharging pus.	Discharging snot or mucus.	Extending by a slender climbing or trailing stem.	Flowing; easy; cursive.	Having a continuous design or pattern.	Moving or advancing at a run.	Of a horse, having a running gait; not a trotter or pacer.	Present, current.
running	adv	Consecutively; in a row.
running	noun	That which runs or flows; the quantity of a liquid which flows in a certain time or during a certain operation.	The act of running errands.	The action of the verb to run.	The activity of running as a form of exercise, as a sport, or for any other reason.	The dependence of measured value, typically a coupling constant, on the energy scale at which it is probed due to higher-order interaction terms and associated renormalization issues becoming relevant; metaphorically, the "running" of the measurement from its limiting macroscopic value.	The discharge from an ulcer or other sore.
running	prep	Approaching; about; roughly.
scissors	noun	A hand with the index and middle fingers open (a handshape resembling scissors), that beats paper and loses to rock. It beats lizard and loses to Spock in rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock.	A method of skating with one foot significantly in front of the other.	A scissors hold.	A tool used for cutting thin material, consisting of two crossing blades attached at a pivot point in such a way that the blades slide across each other when the handles are closed.	A type of defensive maneuver in dogfighting, involving repeatedly turning one's aircraft towards that of the attacker in order to force them to overshoot.	An attacking move conducted by two players; the player without the ball runs from one side of the ball carrier, behind the ball carrier, and receives a pass from the ball carrier on the other side.	An exercise in which the legs are switched back and forth, suggesting the motion of scissors.	An instance of the above dogfighting maneuver.	plural of scissor
scissors	verb	Rare form of scissor (“to cut using, or as if using, scissors”).	third-person singular simple present indicative of scissor
scissors	intj	Cry of anguish or frustration.
Halloween	name	The eve of All Hallows' Day; October 31st; celebrated (mostly in English-speaking countries) by children going door-to-door in costume and soliciting candy with menaces.
admission	noun	A fact, point, or statement admitted; as, admission made out of court are received in evidence	Acquiescence or concurrence in a statement made by another, and distinguishable from a confession in that an admission presupposes prior inquiry by another, but a confession may be made without such inquiry.	Declaration of the bishop that he approves of the presentee as a fit person to serve the cure of the church to which he is presented.	Permission to enter, or the entrance itself; admittance; entrance; access	The act or practice of admitting.	The cost or fee associated with attendance or entry.	The granting of an argument or position not fully proved; the act of acknowledging something asserted; acknowledgement; concession.
fee	noun	A prize or reward. Only used in the set phrase "A finder's fee" in Modern English.	A right to the use of a superior's land as a stipend for certain services to be performed, typically military service.	An additional monetary payment charged for a service or good, especially one that is minor compared to the underlying cost.	An amount charged for a privilege.	An amount charged for professional services.	An inheritable estate in land held of a feudal lord on condition of performance of certain services, typically military service.	An inheritable estate in land, whether absolute and without limitation to potential heirs (fee simple) or with limitations to particular kinds of heirs (fee tail).	Money paid or bestowed; payment; emolument.	Synonym of fief: the land so held.	Synonym of possession.
fee	verb	To reward for services performed, or to be performed; to recompense; to hire or keep in hire; hence, to bribe.
hunter	noun	A dog used in hunting; a hunting dog.	A horse used in hunting, especially a thoroughbred, bred and trained for hunting.	A kind of spider, the huntsman or hunting spider.	A person who bottles up their aggression and eventually releases it explosively.	A pocket watch with a spring-hinged circular metal cover that closes over the dial and crystal, protecting them from dust and scratches.	One who hunts game for sport or for food; a huntsman or huntswoman.	One who hunts or seeks after anything.
hardship	noun	A burden, a source of difficulty that could impose a barrier.	Difficulty or trouble; hard times.
hardship	verb	To treat (a person) badly; to subject to hardships.
parcel	noun	A division of land bought and sold as a unit.	A group of birds.	A package wrapped for shipment.	A portion of anything taken separately; a fragment of a whole; a part.	A small amount of food that has been wrapped up, for example a pastry.	An indiscriminate or indefinite number, measure, or quantity; a collection; a group.	An individual consignment of cargo for shipment, regardless of size and form.	An individual item appearing on an invoice or receipt (only in the phrase bill of parcels).
parcel	verb	To add a parcel or item to; to itemize.	To divide and distribute by parts or portions; often with off, out or into.	To wrap a strip around the end of a rope.	To wrap something up into the form of a package.
parcel	adv	Part or half; in part; partially.
transportation	noun	A means of conveyance.	A ticket or fare.	Deportation to a penal colony.	The act of transporting, or the state of being transported; conveyance, often of people, goods etc.
upside	noun	A favourable aspect of something that also has an unfavourable aspect.	An upward tendency, especially in a financial market etc.	The highest or uppermost side or portion of something.
upside	prep	On the top of.
label	noun	A brass rule with sights, formerly used with a circumferentor to take altitudes.	A charge resembling the strap crossing the horse’s chest from which pendants are hung.	A company that sells records.	A name given to something or someone to categorise them as part of a particular social group.	A named place in source code that can be jumped to using a GOTO or equivalent construct.	A non-interactive control or widget displaying text, often used to describe the purpose of another control.	A piece of writing added to something, such as a codicil appended to a will.	A small strip, especially of paper or parchment (or of some material attached to parchment to carry the seal), but also of iron, brass, land, etc.	A small ticket or sign giving information about something to which it is attached or intended to be attached.	A tassel.	A user-defined alias for a numerical designation, the reverse of an enumeration.	In mediaeval and later art, a representation of a band or scroll containing an inscription.	The projecting moulding by the sides, and over the tops, of openings in mediaeval architecture.
label	verb	To add a detectable substance, either transiently or permanently, to a biological substance in order to track the presence of the label-substance combination either in situ or in vitro	To give a label to (someone or something) in order to categorise that person or thing.	To put a label (a ticket or sign) on (something).	To replace specific atoms by their isotope in order to track the presence or movement of this isotope through a reaction, metabolic pathway or cell.
B	character	The second letter of the English alphabet, called bee and written in the Latin script.
B	num	The ordinal number second, derived from this letter of the English alphabet, called bee and written in the Latin script.
B	noun	A B cell.	A personality type describing people who are relaxed and easygoing and able to engage in leisure activities without worrying about work.	Abbreviation of bishop.	Abbreviation of blood or blud: used to address a friend, especially a male.	An academic grade, better than a C and worse than an A.	Bass.	Bitch.	Signifies a second-tier or second class of a given commodity, group, or category, as in B-movie, B-list, etc.	The alternate or secondary part, such as the back side of a phonograph record. Contrasted with ‘A’, which is the primary part.	The grade of pencil, “black”, that makes darker marks than grade HB but lighter marks than grade 2B; a pencil with soft lead.	The number of balls faced by a batsman.	The quantity one billion (1,000,000,000), usually used to signify a sum of money.	The seventh note in the C major scale.
B	symbol	byte
B	suffix	A suffix ending in -ble, optionally with a preceding vowel (-ible, -able).
B	name	A programming language from which C is derived.
penny	noun	A unit of nail size, said to be either the cost per 100 nails, or the number of nails per penny. Abbreviation: d.	In Ireland, a coin worth ¹⁄₁₀₀ of an Irish pound before the introduction of the euro. Abbreviation: p.	In the US and (formerly) Canada, a one-cent coin, worth ¹⁄₁₀₀ of a dollar. Abbreviation: ¢.	In the United Kingdom and Ireland and many other countries, a unit of currency worth ¹⁄₂₄₀ of a pound sterling or Irish pound before decimalisation, or a copper coin worth this amount. Abbreviation: d.	In the United Kingdom, a unit of currency worth ¹⁄₁₀₀ of a pound sterling, or a copper coin worth this amount. Abbreviation: p.	In various countries, a small-denomination copper or brass coin.	Money in general.
penny	verb	During a meal or as part of a drinking game, to drop a penny in a person's drink with the expectation that they finish it (or some such variation thereof); commonly associated with crewdates at Oxford and swaps at Cambridge.	To circumvent the tripping of an electrical circuit breaker by the dangerous practice of inserting a coin in place of a fuse in a fuse socket.	To jam a door shut by inserting pennies between the doorframe and the door.
scarf	noun	A cormorant.	A dip or notch or cut made in the trunk of a tree to direct its fall when felling.	A groove on one side of a sewing machine needle.	A headscarf.	A long, often knitted, garment worn around the neck.	A neckcloth or cravat.	A type of joint in woodworking, formed by two shaped ends that fit into or onto each other.	Archaic form of scurf (“skin disease; skin flakes”).
scarf	verb	To cover as or like a scarf.	To dress with a scarf, or as with a scarf; to cover with a loose wrapping.	To eat very quickly.	To form a scarf on the end or edge of, as for a joint in timber, forming a "V" groove for welding adjacent metal plates, metal rods, etc.	To shape by grinding or oxyfuel torch cutting.	To throw on loosely; to put on like a scarf.	To unite, as two pieces of timber or metal, by a scarf joint.
House	name	A particular chamber of political representation	A placename:	A topographic surname from Middle English for someone residing in a house (as opposed to a hut) or in a religious house.	A village in Quay County, New Mexico, United States.	An unincorporated community in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States.	Christ Church, Oxford.	Ellipsis of House of Commons.	Ellipsis of House of Parliament.	Ellipsis of House of Representatives.	More generally, a shortened name for any chamber of a legislature that is named "House of...", especially where the other chamber(s) are not so named, or where there is no other chamber (unicameral).
despair	verb	To be hopeless; to have no hope; to give up all hope or expectation.	To cause to despair.	To give up as beyond hope or expectation; to despair of.
despair	noun	Loss of hope; utter hopelessness; complete despondency.	That which causes despair.	That which is despaired of.
jar	noun	A clashing or discordant set of sounds, particularly with a quivering or vibrating quality.	A container and its contents; as much as fills such a container; a jarful.	A disagreement, a dispute, a quarrel; (uncountable) contention, discord; quarrelling.	A glass of beer or cider, served by the pint.	A pint glass	A quivering or vibrating movement or sensation resulting from something being shaken or struck.	A sense of alarm or dismay.	A small, approximately cylindrical container, normally made of clay or glass, for holding fruit, preserves, etc., or for ornamental purposes.	An earthenware container, either with two or no handles, for holding oil, water, wine, etc., or used for burial.	The effect of something contradictory or discordant; a clash.
jar	verb	Of the appearance, form, style, etc., of people and things: to look strangely different; to stand out awkwardly from its surroundings; to be incongruent.	To (cause something to) give forth a rudely tremulous or quivering sound; to (cause something to) sound discordantly or harshly.	To act in disagreement or opposition, to clash, to be at odds with; to interfere; to dispute, to quarrel.	To harm or injure by such action.	To knock, shake, or strike sharply, especially causing a quivering or vibrating movement.	To preserve (food) in a jar.	To quiver or vibrate due to being shaken or struck.	To shock or surprise.
Black	name	A number of places in the United States:	A surname transferred from the nickname.	A town in Geneva County, Alabama.	A township in Posey County, Indiana; from the surname.	A township in Somerset County, Pennsylvania; from the surname.	An unincorporated community in Edwards County, Illinois.	An unincorporated community in Mercer County and Wyoming County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Reynolds County, Missouri.
Black	adj	Alternative letter-case form of black (“of or relating to any of various ethnic groups having dark pigmentation of the skin”).
Black	noun	Alternative letter-case form of black (“person having dark pigmentation of the skin”).
satellite	noun	A community or town dependent on a larger town or city nearby.	A country, state, office, building etc. which is under the jurisdiction, influence, or domination of another body.	A grammatical construct that takes various forms and may encode a path of movement, a change of state, or the grammatical aspect. Examples: "a bird flew past"; "she turned on the light".	A man-made apparatus designed to be placed in orbit around a celestial body, generally to relay information, data etc. to Earth.	A moon or other smaller body orbiting a larger one.	A very large array of tandemly repeating, non-coding DNA.	An attendant on an important person; a member of someone's retinue, often in a somewhat derogatory sense; a henchman.	Satellite TV; reception of television broadcasts via services that use man-made satellite technology.
satellite	verb	To transmit by satellite.
wicked	adj	Active; brisk.	Alternative form of wick, as applying to inanimate objects only.	Evil or mischievous by nature; morally reprehensible.	Excellent; awesome; masterful.	Harsh; severe.	Having a wick.	Infested with maggots.
wicked	adv	To a superlative extent, very, extremely
wicked	verb	simple past and past participle of wick
hamburger	noun	A hot sandwich consisting of a patty of cooked ground beef or a meat substitute, in a sliced bun, usually also containing salad vegetables, condiments, or both.	An animal or human, or the flesh thereof, that has been badly injured as a result of an accident or conflict.	Describing the shape of a rectangular piece of paper folded in half so that it forms a short rectangle.	Ellipsis of hamburger button.	Ground beef, especially that intended to be made into hamburgers.	The patty used in such a sandwich.
hamburger	verb	To badly injure or damage (a fleshy part of the body).
sunshine	noun	A location on which the sun's rays fall.	A source of cheerfulness or joy.	Ellipsis of orange sunshine.	Friendly form of address often reserved for juniors.	Geniality or cheerfulness.	Ironic form of address used to an inferior or troublemaker.	The direct rays, light or warmth of the sun.	The effect which the sun has when it lights and warms some place.	Used to address someone who has just woken up and/or is very sleepy.
sunshine	adj	Open to and permitting public access, especially with regard to activities that were previously closed-door or back-room meetings.
vanish	verb	To become equal to zero.	To become invisible or to move out of view unnoticed.	To disappear; to kidnap.
vanish	noun	A disappearance; a vanishment.	A magic trick in which something seems to disappear.	The brief terminal part of a vowel or vocal element, differing more or less in quality from the main part.
postcard	noun	A rectangular piece of thick paper or thin cardboard, typically used for sending messages by mail without the need for an envelope.
postcard	verb	To send a postcard to someone.	To send by means of a postcard.
Portuguese	adj	Of or pertaining to Portugal.	Of or pertaining to the Portuguese language.	Of or pertaining to the people of Portugal or their culture.
Portuguese	noun	A person native to, or living in, Portugal.
Portuguese	name	A Romance language originating in Portugal, and now the official language of Portugal, Angola, Mozambique, São Tomé and Príncipe, Guiné Bissau (Guinea-Bissau), Cape Verde, East Timor, and Brazil.
magnificent	adj	Exceptional for its kind.	Grand or noble in action.	Grand, elegant or splendid in appearance.
recipe	noun	A formula for preparing or using a medicine; a prescription; also, a medicine prepared from such instructions.	A plan or procedure to obtain a given end result; a prescription.	A set of conditions and parameters of an industrial process to obtain a given result.	Any set of instructions for preparing a mixture of ingredients.	Now especially, a set of instructions for making or preparing food dishes.
needle	noun	A fine measurement indicator on a dial or graph.	A long, thin, sharp implement usually for piercing as in sewing, embroidery, acupuncture, tattooing, body piercing, medical injections, sutures, etc; or a blunt but otherwise similar implement used for forming loops or knots in crafts such as darning, knitting, tatting, etc.	A move in which the performer begins with two hands and one leg on the floor, then kicks the other leg into a full split.	A needle-like leaf found on some conifers.	A sensor for playing phonograph records, a phonograph stylus.	A strong beam resting on props, used as a temporary support during building repairs.	A text string that is searched for within another string. (see: needle in a haystack)	Any of various species of damselfly of the genus Synlestes, endemic to Australia.	Any slender, pointed object resembling a needle, such as a pointed crystal, a sharp pinnacle of rock, an obelisk, etc.	The death penalty carried out by lethal injection.
needle	verb	To form, or be formed, in the shape of a needle.	To pierce with a needle, especially for sewing or acupuncture.	To tease in order to provoke; to poke fun at.
spaghetti	noun	A dish that has spaghetti (sense 1) as a main part of it, such as spaghetti bolognese.	A type of pasta made in the shape of long thin strings.	An Italian person.	Denoting Italianness.	Electrical insulating tubing or electrical wiring.	Ellipsis of spaghetti code (“unstructured or poorly structured program source code, especially code with many GOTO statements or their equivalent”).	Ellipsis of spaghetti western (“a motion picture depicting a story of cowboys and desperadoes set in the American Old West, but produced by an Italian-based company and filmed in Europe, notably in Italy”).	Roads forming a complex junction, especially one with multiple levels on a motorway.	Something confusing or intricate.	Something physically resembling spaghetti (sense 1) in appearance or consistency, or in being tangled.	plural of spaghetto
spaghetti	verb	To become tangled.	To become, or appear to become, longer and thinner.	To cause (someone or something) to become, or appear to become, longer and thinner; to stretch.	To cause (something) to become tangled.	To eat spaghetti (noun sense 1).	To serve (someone) spaghetti (noun sense 1).
sickness	noun	Nausea; qualmishness; as, sickness of stomach.	The analogical misuse of a rarer or marked grammatical case in the place of a more common or unmarked case.	The quality or state of being sick or diseased; illness.
addicted	adj	Devoted to or obsessed with something.	Having a biochemical addiction.
addicted	verb	simple past and past participle of addict
flip	noun	A complete change of direction, decision, movement etc.	A fillip or light blow.	A hairstyle popular among boys in the 1960s–70s and 2000s–10s, in which the hair goes halfway down the ears, at which point it sticks out	A maneuver which rotates an object end over end.	A mixture of beer, spirit, etc., stirred and heated by a hot iron (a "flip dog").	A slingshot.	A whit or jot; the tiniest amount.	The purchase of an asset (usually a house) which is then improved and sold quickly for profit.	The tendency of a gun's barrel to jerk about at the moment of firing.
flip	verb	To flap.	To go berserk or crazy; to be extremely thrilled or enthusiastic.	To go berserk or crazy; to get extremely angry.	To hand over or pass along.	To induce someone to turn state's evidence; to get someone to agree to testify against their co-conspirators in exchange for concessions.	To invert a bit (binary digit), changing it from 0 to 1 or from 1 to 0.	To purchase and resell assets (often real estate or artworks) for immediate short-term profit.	To put into a quick revolving motion through a snap of the thumb and index finger.	To refinance (a loan), accruing additional fees.	To switch to another task, etc.	To throw so as to turn over.	To turn state's evidence; to agree to testify against one's co-conspirators in exchange for concessions from prosecutors.	To win a state (or county) won by another party in the preceding elections.
flip	intj	Used to express annoyance, especially when the speaker has made an error.
flip	adj	Disrespectful, flippant.	Having the quality of playfulness, or lacking seriousness of purpose.	Sarcastic.
thankful	adj	Obtaining or deserving thanks; thankworthy.	Showing appreciation or gratitude.
hostage	noun	A person given as a pledge or security for the performance of the conditions of a treaty or similar agreement, such as to ensure the status of a vassal.	A person seized in order to compel another party to act (or refrain from acting) in a certain way, because of the threat of harm to the hostage.	One who is compelled by something, especially something that poses a threat; one who is not free to choose their own course of action.	Something that constrains one's actions because it is at risk.	The condition of being held as security or to compel someone else to act or not act in a particular way.
hostage	verb	To give (someone or something) as a hostage to (someone or something else).	To hold (someone or something) hostage, especially in a way that constrains or controls the person or thing held, or in order to exchange for something else.
Swedish	name	The language of Sweden and Åland (an autonomous part of Finland). Swedish is also one of the two official languages of Finland, spoken by 6% of the citizens. A very small minority in Estonia has Swedish as their mother tongue.
Swedish	adj	Of or pertaining to Sweden.	Of or pertaining to the Swedish language.
Polish	adj	Of, from or native to Poland, or relating to the Polish language.
Polish	noun	A breed of chickens with a large crest of feathers.	The language spoken in Poland.
oneself	pron	A person's self: general form of himself, herself, themself or yourself.
infinite	adj	Boundless, endless, without end or limits; innumerable.	Capable of endless repetition; said of certain forms of the canon, also called perpetual fugues, constructed so that their ends lead to their beginnings.	Greater than any positive quantity or magnitude; limitless.	Having infinitely many elements.	Indefinably large, countlessly great; immense.	Infinitely many.	Not limited by person or number.
infinite	num	Infinitely many.
infinite	noun	A combo that can be used repeatedly without interruption.	Something that is infinite in nature.
unpleasant	adj	Not pleasant.
logical	adj	In agreement with the principles of logic; sequacious.	Of or pertaining to logic.	Reasonable.	Relating to the conceptual model of a system rather than its physical expression
corn	noun	A grain or seed, especially of a cereal crop.	A small, hard particle.	A type of callus, usually on the feet or hands.	A type of granular snow formed by repeated melting and refreezing, often in mountain spring conditions.	An inflammatory disease of a horse's hoof, at the caudal part of the sole.	Any cereal plant (or its grain) that is the main crop or staple of a country or region.	Bullets, ammunition, charge and discharge of firearms.	Maize, a grain crop of the species Zea mays.	Money.	Skin hyperplasia with underlying fibroma between both digits of cattle.	Something (e.g., acting, humour, music, or writing) which is deemed old-fashioned or intended to induce emotion.	pornography; porn
corn	verb	To granulate; to form (a substance) into grains.	To preserve using coarse salt, e.g. corned beef.	To provide (an animal) with corn (typically maize; or, in Scotland, oats) for feed.	To render intoxicated.	To shoot up with bullets as by a shotgun (corn).
whichever	det	According to or depending upon which.	Any or either ... that; the ... that.	Regardless of the ... that; no matter which.	Which ever; emphatic form of 'which'.
whichever	pron	According to or depending upon which one(s).	Any or either one(s) that; the one(s) that.	Any or either one(s).	Irrespective of the one(s) that; no matter which one(s).	Which ever; emphatic form of 'which'.
alibi	noun	An excuse, especially one used to avoid responsibility or blame.	The plea or mode of defense under which a person on trial for a crime proves or attempts to prove being in another place when the alleged act was committed.
alibi	verb	To provide an alibi for.	To provide an excuse for.
parade	noun	A place reserved for such displays, particularly	A public procession, especially one commemorating a holiday or special event or (dated) in protest.	A row of shops beside a street.	An organized display of a group of people, particularly	Ellipsis of programme parade: a description of the programming schedule formerly announced on the radio and various television channels.	Synonym of gaggle: A group of geese when on the move, particularly a line of goslings shepherded by one or more adults.	Synonym of herd: A group of elephants when on the move.	Synonym of military parade: A show of troops, an assembly of troops as a show of force, to receive orders, or especially for inspection at set times.	Synonym of parade ground: A place specially designated for such displays or for practicing close-order drills.	Synonym of parry in both its literal and figurative senses.	Synonym of promenade: A route, street, or square frequented by pedestrians or formerly used for military parades.	Synonym of road, used in place names.	Synonym of show: any similarly orderly or ostentatious display, especially of a variety of people or a series of things paraded around.	The body of promenaders thus assembled.	The body of soldiers thus assembled.	The people who make up such a display, particularly
parade	verb	Synonym of promenade: to walk up and down, especially in public in order to show off and be seen by others.	Synonym of show off: to display or reveal prominently or ostentatiously, especially in a kind of procession.	To assemble for inspection, to receive orders, etc.	To assemble soldiers for inspection, to receive orders, etc.	To cause to take part in a parade, particularly	To furnish with a parade or parades.	To march impressively or ostentatiously.	To march past.	To march through or along.	To move slowly through or among.	To take part in a parade	To walk in a row led by one parent, often trailed by the other.
march	noun	A border region, especially one originally set up to defend a boundary.	A formal, rhythmic way of walking, used especially by soldiers, by bands, and in ceremonies.	A journey so walked.	A political rally or parade.	A region at a frontier governed by a marquess.	Any song in the genre of music written for marching (see Wikipedia's article on this type of music)	Smallage.	Steady forward movement or progression.	The feat of taking all the tricks of a hand.
march	verb	To cause someone to walk somewhere.	To go to war; to make military advances.	To have common borders or frontiers	To make steady progress.	To walk with long, regular strides, as a soldier does.
tasty	adj	Appealing; when applied to persons, sexually appealing.	Having a pleasant or satisfying flavor.	Having or showing good taste; tasteful.	Potentially violent.	Skillful; highly competent.
tasty	noun	Something tasty; a delicious article of food.	a loaf of bread
stiff	adj	Beaten until so aerated that they stand up straight on their own.	Dead, deceased.	Delivered more forcefully than needed, whether intentionally or accidentally, thus causing legitimate pain to the opponent.	Erect.	Expensive, pricey.	Formal in behavior; unrelaxed.	Harsh, severe.	Having a dense consistency; thick; (by extension) Difficult to stir.	Inflexible; rigid.	Keeping upright.	Of a shot, landing so close to the flagstick that it should be very easy to sink the ball with the next shot.	Of an equation, for which certain numerical solving methods are numerically unstable, unless the step size is taken to be extremely small.	Painful or more rigid than usual as a result of excessive or unaccustomed exercise.	Potent.	Rigid; hard to bend; inflexible.
stiff	noun	A cadaver; a dead person.	A customer who does not leave a tip.	A flop; a commercial failure.	A note or letter surreptitiously sent by an inmate.	A person who is deceived, as a mark or pigeon in a swindle.	A person who leaves (especially a restaurant) without paying the bill.	An average person, usually male, of no particular distinction, skill, or education.	Any hard hand where it is possible to exceed 21 by drawing an additional card.	Negotiable instruments, possibly forged.
stiff	verb	To be unsuccessful.	To cheat someone.	To fail to pay that which one owes (implicitly or explicitly) to another, especially by departing hastily.	To kill.	To tip ungenerously.
stiff	adv	Of the wind, with great force; strongly.
Yamada	name	A surname from Japanese.
balloon	noun	A ball or globe on the top of a pillar, church, etc.	A bomb or shell.	A game played with a large inflated ball.	A round vessel, usually with a short neck, to hold or receive whatever is distilled; a glass vessel of a spherical form.	A sac inserted into part of the body for therapeutic reasons; such as angioplasty.	A small container for illicit drugs made from a condom or the finger of a latex glove, etc.	A speech bubble.	A type of glass cup, sometimes used for brandy.	A woman's breast.	An inflatable buoyant object, often (but not necessarily) round and flexible.	Such an object as a child’s toy or party decoration.	Such an object designed to transport people or equipment through the air.	Synonym of balloon payment.	The outline enclosing words represented as coming from the mouth of a pictured figure.
balloon	verb	Of an aircraft: to plunge alternately up and down.	To go up or voyage in a balloon.	To increase or expand rapidly.	To inflate like a balloon.	To strike (a ball) so that it flies high in the air.	To take up in, or as if in, a balloon.
differently	adv	In a different way.
motivate	verb	To animate; to propel; to cause to take action.	To provide someone with an incentive to do something; to encourage; to actuate.
sunlight	noun	All the electromagnetic radiation given off by the Sun, especially that in the visible spectrum that bathes the Earth.	Brightness, hope; a positive outlook.	Synonym of photic (“describing that part of the near-surface ocean in which photosynthesis is possible.”).	Synonym of sunrise.
sunlight	verb	To work on the side (at a secondary job) during the daytime.
highway	noun	A main public road, especially a multi-lane, high-speed thoroughfare.	A road that is higher than the surrounding land and has drainage ditches at the sides	A way; a path that leads to a certain destiny	Any public road for vehicular traffic.	Synonym of bus (“common connection for two or more circuits or components”).
highway	verb	To travel on a highway
grasp	verb	To grip; to take hold, particularly with the hand.	To take advantage of something, to seize, to jump at a chance.	To understand.
grasp	noun	Grip.	That which is accessible; that which is within one's reach or ability.	Understanding.
mutual	adj	Collective, done or held in common.	Having the same relationship, each to each other.	Owned by the members.	Possessed in common.	Reciprocal.
mutual	noun	A mutual fund.	A mutual organization.	Either of a pair of people who follow each other's social media accounts.
conclude	verb	To bring about as a result; to effect; to make.	To bring to an end; to close; to finish.	To come to a conclusion, to a final decision.	To end; to come to an end.	To include; to comprehend; to shut up together; to embrace; to confine.	To make a final determination or judgment concerning; to judge; to decide.	To shut off; to restrain; to limit; to estop; to bar.	To shut up; to enclose.	to deduce, to infer (develop a causal relation)
pollute	verb	To corrupt or profane	To make something harmful, especially by the addition of some unwanted product.	To make something or somewhere less suitable for some activity, especially by the introduction of some unnatural factor.	To violate sexually; to debauch; to dishonour.
pollute	adj	Polluted; defiled.
adore	verb	To adorn.	To be very fond of.	To love with one's entire heart and soul; regard with deep respect and affection.	To worship.
negotiate	verb	To arrange or settle something by mutual agreement.	To confer with others in order to come to terms or reach an agreement.	To intrigue; to scheme.	To succeed in coping with, getting over or navigate a hazard or obstacle.	To transact business; to carry on trade.	To transfer to another person with all the rights of the original holder; to pass, as a bill.
flead	verb	simple past and past participle of flea
crow	noun	A bar of iron with a beak, crook or claw; a bar of iron used as a lever; a crowbar.	A bird, usually black, of the genus Corvus, having a strong conical beak, with projecting bristles; it has a harsh, croaking call.	A black person.	A gangplank (corvus) used by the Ancient Roman navy to board enemy ships.	Alternative spelling of cro (“marijuana”).	An ill-tempered and obstinate woman, or one who otherwise has features resembling the bird; a harpy.	Any of various dark-coloured nymphalid butterflies of the genus Euploea.	Someone who keeps watch while their associates commit a crime; a lookout.	The cry or call of a rooster or a cockerel, especially as heard at sunrise.	The emblem of an eagle, a sign of military rank.	The mesentery of an animal.
crow	adj	Dark black, the color of a crow; crow-black.
crow	verb	To make the shrill sound characteristic of a rooster; to make a sound in this manner, either in gaiety, joy, pleasure, or defiance.	To shout in exultation or defiance; to brag.	To test the reed of a double reed instrument by placing the reed alone in the mouth and blowing it.
nephew	noun	A son of one's child.	A son of one's cousin or cousin-in-law	A son of one's sibling, brother-in-law, or sister-in-law; either a son of one's brother (fraternal nephew) or a son of one's sister (sororal nephew).
Nagoya	name	Synonym of Lubuk Baja: a district of Batam, Riau Islands, Indonesia.	The capital city of Aichi Prefecture, in central Honshu, Japan.
arrow	noun	A dart.	A directed edge.	A morphism.	A projectile consisting of a shaft, a point and a tail with stabilizing fins that is shot from a bow.	A sign or symbol used to indicate a direction (e.g.→).	The -> symbol, which has specific meanings in various programming languages.	The inflorescence or tassel of a mature sugar cane plant.
arrow	verb	To develop an inflorescence.	To let fly swiftly and directly.	To move swiftly and directly (like an arrow).	To navigate using the arrow keys.	To single out or nominate (someone) to be responsible for something, especially an undesirable task.
arrow	contraction	Contraction of ever a (sometimes used with a redundant a or an).
Love	noun	radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter L.
Love	name	A female given name.	A male given name.	A surname.	An unincorporated community in Butler County, Kentucky.	Cupid, Eros, or another personification of love.
worship	noun	An object of worship.	Ardent love.	Honour; respect; civil deference.	The adoration (or latria) owed to God alone, as greater than the hyperveneration / hyper-veneration (or hyperdulia) that is given to Saint Mary only and the veneration (or dulia) accorded to all other Roman Catholic saints.	The condition of being worthy; honour, distinction.	The devotion accorded to a deity or to a sacred object.	The fact of an artist's music heavily drawing influence from some other artist's work in a way that appears too obvious or unapologetic; a piece of music that does that.	The religious ceremonies that express this devotion.	Used as a title or term of address for various officials, including magistrates	Voluntary, utter submission; voluntary, utter deference.
worship	verb	To honour with extravagant love and extreme submission, as a lover; to adore; to idolize.	To participate in religious ceremonies.	To reverence (a deity, etc.) with supreme respect and veneration; to perform religious exercises in honour of.	To touch, fondle, or kiss in an intensely sensual way.
wink	verb	To blink with only one eye as a message, signal, or suggestion, usually with an implication of conspiracy. (When transitive, the object may be the eye being winked, or the message being conveyed.)	To close one's eyes in sleep.	To close one's eyes quickly and involuntarily; to blink.	To close one's eyes.	To gleam fitfully or intermitently; to twinkle; to flicker.	Usually followed by at: to look the other way, to turn a blind eye.
wink	noun	A brief period of sleep; especially forty winks.	A brief time; an instant.	A subtle allusion.	An act of winking (a blinking of only one eye), or a message sent by winking.	Synonym of periwinkle (“type of mollusk”).	Synonym of tiddlywink (“small disc used in the game of tiddlywinks”).	The smallest possible amount.
summit	noun	A vertex of a polygon or polyhedron.	An assembly or gathering of the leaders of countries to discuss issues of international significance; also (loosely), an important or high-level gathering or meeting.	One of the two vertices of a crystal with a rhombohedral shape where the angles of each face are equal; also, the highest point of a crystal with a pyramidal or tetrahedral shape.	Synonym of anther (“the pollen-bearing part of the stamen of a flower”) or (rare) stigma (“the sticky part of a flower that receives pollen during pollination”).	The highest level of political leadership.	The highest point of a canal, railway, road, etc.	The highest point of a hill, mountain, or similar geographical feature.	The highest point of achievement, development, etc., that can be reached; the acme, the pinnacle.	The topmost point or surface of a thing; the apex, the peak.
summit	verb	To attend a summit (noun sense 2.2.2).	To reach the summit (noun sense 1.1) of (a mountain).	To reach the summit of a mountain.
summit	pron	Alternative spelling of summat (“something”).
employer	noun	A person, firm or other entity which pays for or hires the services of another person.
Mark	name	A male given name from Latin.	A surname.	A village and civil parish in Somerset, England, previously in Sedgemoor district (OS grid ref ST3747).	Mark the Evangelist, also called John Mark, the first patriarch of Alexandria, credited with the authorship of the Gospel of Mark.	The Gospel of St. Mark, a book of the New Testament of the Bible. Traditionally the second of the four gospels.
Mark	noun	Abbreviation of Markarian.
considerable	adj	Large in amount.	Significant; worth considering.
considerable	noun	A thing to be considered, consideration.
steel	noun	A flat iron.	A fringe of beads or decoration of this metal.	A honing steel, a tool used to sharpen or hone metal blades.	A piece used for striking sparks from flint.	A sewing needle; a knitting needle; a sharp metal stylus.	A type of slide used while playing the steel guitar.	An artificial metal produced from iron, harder and more elastic than elemental iron; used figuratively as a symbol of hardness.	An engraving plate.	Any item made of this metal, particularly including:	Armor.	Bladed or pointed weapons, as swords, javelins, daggers.	Extreme hardness or resilience.	Medicinal consumption of this metal; chalybeate medicine; (eventually) any iron or iron-treated water consumed as a medical treatment.	Pieces used to strengthen, support, or expand an item of clothing.	Projectiles.	The gray hue of this metal; steel-gray, or steel blue.
steel	adj	Containing steel.	Engraved on steel.	Made of steel.	Of or belonging to the manufacture or trade in steel.	Similar to steel in color, strength, or the like; steely.
steel	verb	To back with steel.	To cause to resemble steel.	To edge, cover, or point with steel.	To electroplate an item (particularly an engraving plate) with a layer of iron.	To give (something) the appearance of steel.	To harden or strengthen; to nerve or make obdurate; to fortify against.	To press with a flat iron.	To sharpen with a honing steel.	To steelify; to turn iron into steel.	To treat a liquid with steel for medicinal purposes.	To treat, furnish with, or transform into steel.
steel	name	Coldbath Fields Prison in London, closed in 1877.
perfume	noun	A pleasant smell; the scent, odor, or odoriferous particles emitted from a sweet-smelling substance; a pleasant odor.	A substance created to provide a pleasant smell or one which emits an agreeable odor.
perfume	verb	To apply perfume to; to fill or impregnate with a perfume; to scent.
Thomas	noun	An infidel or doubter.
Thomas	name	A city in Custer County, Oklahoma.	A common surname originating as a patronymic.	A former community in King County, Washington.	A ghost town in Linn County, Oregon.	A male given name from Aramaic of biblical origin, popular since the 13th century.	A minor city in Tucker County, West Virginia.	A number of places in the United States:	A number of townships in the United States, listed under Thomas Township.	An Apostle, best remembered for doubting the resurrection of Jesus.	An unincorporated community in Buchanan County, Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Bureau County, Illinois.	An unincorporated community in Daviess County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Hamlin County, South Dakota.
California	name	A barangay of Barotac Viejo, Iloilo, Philippines.	A barangay of Ubay, Bohol, Philippines.	A borough of Pennsylvania.	A census-designated place in Maryland.	A city in Campbell County, Kentucky.	A city, the county seat of Moniteau County, Missouri.	A community in Ontario, Canada.	A district of Ipswich, Suffolk.	A ghost town in West Virginia.	A neighborhood of Casablanca, Morocco.	A neighborhood of Cincinnati, Ohio.	A neighborhood of Louisville, Kentucky.	A neighbourhood of Birmingham, West Midlands (OS grid ref SP0182).	A region on the west coast of North America comprising the US state of California and the Baja California peninsula in Mexico; historically also including other areas in Alta California and Baja California.	A seaside resort in Ormesby St Margaret with Scratby civil parish, Great Yarmouth borough, Norfolk (OS grid ref TG5115)..	A southern suburb of Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire (OS grid ref SP8113).	A suburban village and park in Finchampstead parish, Wokingham borough, Berkshire (OS grid ref SU7964).	A town in Santander department, Colombia.	A town in Trinidad and Tobago.	A town in Usulután department, El Salvador.	A village in Maine.	A village in Stirlingshire, Scotland.	An area of Derby, Derbyshire.	An outer suburb of Dunstable, Bedfordshire (OS grid ref TL0120).	Several places in England:	Several places in the United States.	The most populous state of the United States. Capital: Sacramento. Largest city: Los Angeles.	University of California, Berkeley.
jewelry	noun	US standard spelling of jewellery.
jewelry	verb	To adorn with jewelry or make into jewelry.	To make jewelry.
survivor	noun	A person who is able to endure hardship.	One who knew a specific decedent.	One who survives, especially one who survives a traumatic experience.
Egypt	name	A census-designated place in Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania.	A civilization based around the river Nile, on its lower reaches nearer the Mediterranean.	A country in North Africa and Western Asia. Official name: Arab Republic of Egypt. Capital: Cairo.	A former settlement in Summers County, West Virginia.	A ghost town in Leon County, Texas.	A hamlet in Wonston parish, Winchester district, Hampshire (OS grid ref SU4640).	A hamlet near Thornton, City of Bradford, West Yorkshire (OS grid ref SE0933).	A number of places in England:	A number of places in the United States:	A rural locality in Lockyer Valley Region, Queensland, Australia.	A suburb of Nailsworth, Stroud district, Gloucestershire (OS grid ref ST8499).	A suburban village in Farnham Royal parish, Buckinghamshire, previously in South Bucks district (OS grid ref SU9685).	A tiny hamlet in Leckhampstead parish, West Berkshire district, Berkshire (OS grid ref SU4476).	A town in Craighead County, Arkansas.	An extinct town in Belmont County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Chickasaw County, Mississippi.	An unincorporated community in Effingham County, Georgia.	An unincorporated community in Holmes County, Mississippi.	An unincorporated community in Jackson Township, Auglaize County, Ohio.	An unincorporated community in Jefferson County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Jordan Township, Jasper County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Montgomery County, Texas.	An unincorporated community in Wharton County, Texas.
sip	noun	A small mouthful of drink	An event at which people drink alcohol in small, usually sub-intoxicating amounts.
sip	verb	Alternative form of seep.	To consume slowly.	To drink a small quantity.	To drink slowly, small mouthfuls at a time.	To taste the liquor of; to drink out of.
Mexican	noun	A Mexica; an Aztec.	A Victorian (a person from the state of Victoria).	A person from either of the southern states of New South Wales and Victoria.	A person from the country of Mexico or of Mexican descent.	A person from, or of descent from, any Spanish-speaking country.	Mexican or Mexican-derived cuisine; whether traditional Mexican food or Tex-Mex, etc.	The Mexican dialect of Spanish.	The Nahuatl language.
Mexican	adj	Of or pertaining to the Mexica people.	Of or pertaining to the Nahuatl language.	Of, from, or pertaining to the country of Mexico.
noun	noun	A word that functions as the name of a specific object or set of objects, such as person, animal, place, word, thing, phenomenon, substance, quality, or idea: one of the basic parts of speech in many languages, including English.	An object within a user interface to which a certain action or transformation (i.e., verb) is applied.	Either a word that can be used to refer to a person, animal, place, thing, phenomenon, substance, quality or idea, or a word that modifies or describes a previous word or its referent; a substantive or adjective, sometimes also including other parts of speech such as numeral or pronoun.
noun	verb	To convert a word to a noun.
sexual	adj	Arising from the fact of being male or female; pertaining to sex or gender, or to the social relations between the sexes.	Capable of sexual reproduction; sexed, sexuate.	Characterised by sexual feelings or behaviour; possessing sexuality.	Experiencing sexual attraction; not asexual.	Pertaining to sexual intercourse or other intimate physical contact.	Pertaining to sexuality as a cultural phenomenon; relating to sexual behaviour or conduct.	Pertaining to the female sex.
sexual	noun	A person who experiences sexual attraction, a person who has interest in or desire for sex (especially as contrasted with an asexual).	A species which reproduces by sexual rather than asexual reproduction, or a member of such a species.
Beijing	name	A direct-administered municipality, the capital city of China.	The government of the People's Republic of China.
Taninna		
dreamt	verb	simple past and past participle of dream
dreamt	adj	Imagined or only extant in a dream or dreams.
Youre		
drift	noun	A collection of loose earth and rocks, or boulders, which have been distributed over large portions of the earth's surface, especially in latitudes north of forty degrees, by the retreat of continental glaciers, such as that which buries former river valleys and creates young river valleys.	A deviation from the line of fire, peculiar to obloid projectiles.	A driving; a violent movement.	A drove or flock, as of cattle, sheep, birds.	A heading driven through a seam of coal.	A mass of matter which has been driven or forced onward together in a body, or thrown together in a heap, etc., especially by wind or water.	A passage driven or cut between shaft and shaft; a driftway; a small subterranean gallery.	A place (a ford) along a river where the water is shallow enough to permit crossing to the opposite side.	A sideways movement of the ball through the air, when bowled by a spin bowler.	A slightly tapered tool of steel for enlarging or shaping a hole in metal, by being forced or driven into or through it; a broach.	A sloping winze or road to the surface, for purposes of haulage.	A tool used to insert or extract a removable pin made of metal or hardwood, for the purpose of aligning and/or securing two pieces of material together.	A tool used to pack down the composition contained in a rocket, or like firework.	A tool.	An adit or tunnel driven forward for purposes of exploration or exploitation; generally eventually to a dead end.	Anything driven at random.	Course or direction along which anything is driven; setting.	Driftwood included in flotsam washed up onto the beach.	In New Forest National Park, UK, the bi-annual round-up of wild ponies in order to be sold.	In a coal mine, a heading driven for exploration or ventilation.	Minor deviation of audio or video playback from its correct speed.	Movement.	Movement; that which moves or is moved.	Of a boring or a driven tunnel: deviation from the intended course.	Slow, cumulative change.	That which is driven, forced, or urged along.	The act or motion of drifting; the force which impels or drives; an overpowering influence or impulse.	The angle which the line of a ship's motion makes with the meridian, in drifting.	The difference between the size of a bolt and the hole into which it is driven, or between the circumference of a hoop and that of the mast on which it is to be driven.	The distance a vessel is carried off from her desired course by the wind, currents, or other causes.	The distance between the two blocks of a tackle.	The distance through which a current flows in a given time.	The horizontal thrust or pressure of an arch or vault upon the abutments.	The place in a deep-waisted vessel where the sheer is raised and the rail is cut off, and usually terminated with a scroll, or driftpiece.	The situation where a performer gradually and unintentionally moves from their proper location within the scene.	The tendency of an act, argument, course of conduct, or the like; object aimed at or intended; intention; hence, also, import or meaning of a sentence or discourse; aim.	When the car rotates at 180 degrees or more causing smoke to rise especially at car events.
drift	verb	To accumulate in heaps by the force of wind; to be driven into heaps.	To deviate gently from the intended direction of travel.	To drive into heaps.	To drive or carry, as currents do a floating body.	To enlarge or shape, as a hole, with a drift.	To make a drift; to examine a vein or ledge for the purpose of ascertaining the presence of metals or ores; to follow a vein; to prospect.	To move haphazardly without any destination.	To move slowly, especially pushed by currents of water, air, etc.	To oversteer a vehicle, causing loss of traction, while maintaining control from entry to exit of a corner. See Drifting (motorsport).
misunderstood	verb	simple past and past participle of misunderstand
misunderstood	adj	Not comprehended correctly.	Not viewed with sympathy and understanding despite warranting it.
Professor	noun	A mock title for a person seen as pedantic or obsessive on a topic.	The title for someone who holds the job of professor.
strategy	noun	A plan of action intended to accomplish a specific goal.	The act of strategizing; the development of effective strategies.	The science and art of military command as applied to the overall planning and conduct of warfare.
permanent	adj	Lasting for an indefinitely long time.	Without end, eternal.
permanent	noun	A card whose effects persist beyond the turn on which it is played.	A chemical hair treatment imparting or removing curliness, whose effects typically last for a period of weeks; a perm.	Given an n×n matrix a_ij,, the sum over all permutations π, of ∏ᵢ₌₁ⁿa_iπ(i).
permanent	verb	To perm (the hair).
envy	noun	A red-skinned variety of eating apple.	An object of envious notice or feeling.	Emulation; rivalry.	Hatred, enmity, ill-feeling.	Public odium; ill repute.	Resentful desire of something possessed by another or others (but not limited to material possessions).
envy	verb	To do harm to; to injure; to disparage.	To emulate.	To feel displeasure or hatred towards (someone) for their good fortune or possessions.	To give (something) to (someone) grudgingly or reluctantly; to begrudge.	To hate.	To have envious feelings (at).	To resentfully or discontentedly desire (something someone else has that one lacks).	To show malice or ill will; to rail.
halfway	adv	Half of the way between two points; midway.	Moderately; somewhat.
halfway	adj	Middle; midway; being in the middle of the way or distance.
economics	noun	The study of resource allocation, distribution and consumption; of capital and investment; and of management of the factors of production.
acid	adj	Denoting a musical genre that is a distortion (as if hallucinogenic) of an existing genre, as in acid house, acid jazz, acid rock.	Of or pertaining to an acid; acidic.	Sour, sharp, or biting to the taste; tart; having the taste of vinegar.	Sour-tempered.
acid	noun	A sour substance.	Any compound that can accept a pair of electrons to form a covalent bond; a Lewis acid.	Any compound that easily donates protons to a base; a Brønsted acid.	Any compound which yields H+ ions (protons) when dissolved in water; an Arrhenius acid.	Any corrosive substance.	LSD, lysergic acid diethylamide.
choke	verb	To be checked or stopped, as if by choking	To be unable to breathe because of obstruction of the windpipe (for instance food or other objects that go down the wrong way, or fumes or particles in the air that cause the throat to constrict).	To check or stop (an utterance or voice) as if by choking.	To give (someone) a feeling of strangulation as a result of passion or strong emotion.	To have a feeling of strangulation in one's throat as a result of passion or strong emotion.	To hinder or check, as growth, expansion, progress, etc.; to kill (a plant by robbing it of nutrients); to extinguish (fire by robbing it of oxygen).	To hold the club or bat lower on the shaft in order to shorten one's swing.	To make or install a choke, as in a cartridge, or in the bore of the barrel of a shotgun.	To move one's fingers very close to the tip of a pencil, brush or other art tool.	To obstruct (a passage, etc.) by filling it up or clogging it.	To perform badly at a crucial stage of a competition, especially when one appears to be clearly winning.	To prevent (someone) from breathing or talking by strangling or filling the windpipe.	To reach a condition of maximum flowrate, due to the flow at the narrowest point of the duct becoming sonic (Ma = 1).	To say (something) with one’s throat constricted (due to emotion, for example).	To use the choke valve of (a vehicle) to adjust the air/fuel mixture in the engine.
choke	noun	A choking coil.	A constriction at the muzzle end of a shotgun barrel which affects the spread of the shot.	A control on a carburetor to adjust the air/fuel mixture when the engine is cold.	A major mistake at a crucial stage of a competition because one is nervous, especially when one is winning.	A partial or complete blockage (of boulders, mud, etc.) in a cave passage.	In wrestling, karate (etc.), a type of hold that can result in strangulation.	The mass of immature florets in the centre of the bud of an artichoke.
behalf	noun	One's role or rightful place; stead or authority.	The interest, benefit, or wellbeing of someone or something.
sophisticated	adj	Complicated, especially of complex technology.	Mixed with a foreign or inferior substance; not genuine or pure; unrefined, adulterated, impure.	Of a person: having obtained worldly experience, and lacking naiveté; cosmopolitan, worldly-wise.	Of a thing: having its meaning changed in a deceptive or misleading way.	Of art or other things: appealing to the tastes of an intellectual or sophisticated (sense 1) person; cerebral; also, cultured, elegant, refined.
sophisticated	verb	simple past and past participle of sophisticate
twist	noun	A beverage made of brandy and gin.	A distortion to the meaning of a passage or word.	A girl, a woman.	A material for gun barrels, consisting of iron and steel twisted and welded together.	A modern dance popular in Western culture in the late 1950s and 1960s, based on rotating the hips repeatedly from side to side. See Twist (dance) on Wikipedia for more details.	A roll or baton of baked dough or pastry in a twisted shape.	A rotation of the body when diving.	A sliver of lemon peel added to a cocktail, etc.	A small roll of tobacco.	A sprain, especially to the ankle.	A strong individual tendency or bent; inclination.	A sudden bend (or short series of bends) in a road, path, etc.	A twig.	A twisting force.	A type of thread made from two filaments twisted together.	An appetite for food.	An unexpected turn in a story, tale, etc.	Anything twisted, or the act of twisting.	Ellipsis of hair twist.	The degree of stress or strain when twisted.	The form given in twisting.	The spiral course of the rifling of a gun barrel or a cannon.
twist	verb	In the game of blackjack (pontoon or twenty-one), to be dealt another card.	To cause to rotate.	To coax.	To contort; to writhe; to complicate; to crook spirally; to convolve.	To dance the twist (a type of dance characterised by twisting one's hips).	To distort or change the truth or meaning of words when repeating.	To form a twist (in any of the above noun meanings).	To injure (a body part) by bending it in the wrong direction.	To join together by twining one part around another.	To turn a knob etc.	To turn the ends of something, usually thread, rope etc., in opposite directions, often using force.	To wind into; to insinuate.	To wind; to follow a bendy or wavy course; to have many bends.	To wreathe; to wind; to encircle; to unite by intertexture of parts.
goodlook		
pursue	verb	To act as a legal prosecutor.	To aim for, go after (a specified objective, situation etc.).	To continue; to carry on.	To follow urgently, originally with intent to capture or harm; to chase.	To follow, travel down (a particular way, course of action etc.).	To participate in (an activity, business etc.); to practise, follow (a profession).
encounter	verb	To confront (someone or something) face to face.	To engage in conflict, as with an enemy.	To kill or execute someone extrajudicially.	To meet (someone) or find (something), especially unexpectedly.	To meet one another.
encounter	noun	A hostile, often violent meeting; a confrontation, skirmish, or clash, as between combatants.	A match between two opposing sides.	A meeting, especially one that is unplanned or unexpected.	A sexual encounter; sexual activity, especially unplanned or unexpected, between two people who have not already established a sexual relationship with each other. In many cases, it does not lead to a relationship, and thus is utterly transient. A sexual encounter can be consensual or non-consensual; in the latter case, it is known as sexual assault. A consensual sexual encounter that happens only once is commonly known as a one-night stand.	An extrajudicial killing or execution.	The period of a space mission during which it carries out its data-gathering objectives.
II	noun	Initialism of illegal immigrant.
guilt	noun	Regret for having done wrong.	Responsibility for wrongdoing.	The state of having been found guilty or admitted guilt in legal proceedings.
guilt	verb	To cause someone to feel guilt, particularly in order to influence their behaviour.	To commit offenses; act criminally.
guilt	adj	Obsolete form of gilt (“gilded”)
statesman	noun	A male political leader who promotes the public good or who is recognized for probity, leadership, or the qualities necessary to govern a state.	A man who is a leader in national or international affairs.	A man who lives on a landed estate; a small landholder.
wellknown	adj	Alternative form of well-known.
straw	noun	A dried stalk of a cereal plant.	A drinking straw.	A pale, yellowish beige colour, like that of a dried straw.	A straw owner.	Anything proverbially worthless; the least possible thing.	Such dried stalks considered collectively; this bulk matter may be a chief salable product, a by-product, fodder, bedding, or green manure, depending on region and on current market conditions.
straw	adj	Imaginary, but presented as real.	Made of straw.	Of a pale, yellowish beige colour, like that of a dried straw.
straw	verb	To lay straw around plants to protect them from frost.	To sell straws on the streets in order to cover the giving to the purchaser of things usually banned, such as pornography.
shallow	adj	Concerned mainly with superficial matters.	Extending not far downward.	Having little depth; significantly less deep than wide.	Lacking interest or substance; flat; one-dimensional.	Not deep in tone.	Not far forward, close to the net.	Not intellectually deep; not penetrating deeply; simple; not wise or knowing.	Not steep; close to horizontal.
shallow	noun	A costermonger's barrow.	A fish, the rudd.	A shallow portion of an otherwise deep body of water.
shallow	verb	To make or become less deep.
champion	noun	A particularly notable member of a plant species, such as one of great size.	An ongoing winner in a game or contest.	Someone who fights for a cause or status.	Someone who fights on another's behalf.	Someone who is chosen to represent a group of people in a contest.
champion	adj	Acting as a champion; having defeated all one's competitors.	Excellent; beyond compare.	Excellent; brilliant; superb; deserving of high praise.
champion	verb	To challenge.	To promote, advocate, or act as a champion for (a cause, etc.).
chopstick	noun	A long straight stick forming part of various fishing tackle arrangements.	An Asian person.	An East Asian eating utensil usually used as a pair and held in one hand to grip pieces of food or occasionally to mix liquids or scoop up small pieces of food. The utensil is a stick, usually made of wood and measuring approximately 23cm (10 inches) in length.
chopstick	verb	To pick up (food), or eat, using chopsticks, or as with chopsticks.
Marie	name	A female given name from Hebrew.
curse	noun	A prayer or imprecation that harm may befall someone.	A supernatural detriment or hindrance; a bane.	A vulgar epithet.	A woman's menses.	The cause of great harm, evil, or misfortune; that which brings evil or severe affliction; torment.
curse	verb	To bring great evil upon; to be the cause of serious harm or unhappiness to; to furnish with that which will be a cause of deep trouble; to afflict or injure grievously; to harass or torment.	To call upon divine or supernatural power to send injury upon; to imprecate evil upon; to execrate.	To place a curse upon (a person or object).	To speak or shout a vulgar curse or epithet.	To use offensive or morally inappropriate language.
San	noun	Any of the foraging non-Bantu ethnic groups of southwestern Africa.
San	name	A river in southeastern Poland and western Ukraine.	Any of the languages spoken by these people.
majore		
businessman	noun	A man in business, one who works at a commercial institution.
drunken	verb	To make or become drunk or drunken; to intoxicate.	past participle of drink
drunken	adj	Applied to various spicy stir-fried dishes in Asian cuisine.	Characterized by or resulting from drunkenness.	Drunk, in the state of intoxication after having drunk an alcoholic beverage.	Given to habitual excessive use of alcohol.	Saturated with liquid
sue	verb	To clean (the beak, etc.).	To court.	To file a legal action against someone, generally a non-criminal (civil) action.	To follow.	To leave high and dry on shore.	To seek by request; to make application; to petition; to entreat; to plead.
hearing	adj	Able to hear, as opposed to deaf.
hearing	noun	A legal procedure done before a judge, without a jury, as with an evidentiary hearing.	A proceeding at which discussions are heard.	A scolding.	Something heard; a report or piece of news.	The act by which something is heard; the act of perceiving by sound or the auditory sense.	The distance or physical region within which something may be heard; earshot.	The sense used to perceive sound.
hearing	verb	present participle and gerund of hear
honestly	adv	Frankly, to be honest.	In an honest manner.
honestly	intj	Used to express exasperation, dismay, etc.
countryside	noun	A rural landscape.	An area located outside of towns and cities; an area that is not urban or suburban; a rural area.	Such part of a larger area.
fucking	verb	present participle and gerund of fuck
fucking	noun	An act of mistreatment.	An act of sexual intercourse, especially one lacking passion or a feeling of sincere love.
fucking	adj	An intensifier, often applying more to the whole utterance than to the specific word it grammatically modifies.	Offensive, annoying or worthless.
fucking	adv	Really, very; having intensive force, often applying to the whole sentence or clause.
fucking	infix	Alternative form of -fucking-, used when the infix is put between two words.
Markku		
impolite	adj	Not polite; discourteous; not of polished manners; wanting in good manners.
acceptable	adj	Barely worthy, less than excellent; passable.	Worthy, decent, sure of being accepted or received with at least moderate pleasure.
acceptable	noun	Someone or something that is acceptable.
competitive	adj	Capable of competing successfully.	Cheap, especially used of quality products.	Inclined to compete.	Of or pertaining to competition.	Relating to the inhibition of the effects of a chemical substance by another substance competing with it for binding or bonding.
advertising	noun	Communication whose purpose is to influence potential customers about products and services.	The industry or profession made up of such communications.
advertising	verb	present participle and gerund of advertise
entitle	verb	To dignify by an honorary designation.	To give a title to a book, film, play, etc.	To give a title to.	To give power or authority (to do something).	To give rightful ownership.
merchant	noun	A person who traffics in commodities for profit.	A supercargo.	A trading vessel; a merchantman.	Someone who is noted for a stated type of activity or behaviour.	The owner or operator of a retail business.
merchant	verb	As a resident of a region, to buy goods from a non-resident and sell them to another non-resident.
critic	noun	A person who appraises the works of others.	A specialist in judging works of art.	An opponent.	Obsolete form of critique (“an act of criticism”).	Obsolete form of critique (“the art of criticism”).	One who criticizes; a person who finds fault.
critic	verb	To criticise.
plot	noun	A graph or diagram drawn by hand or produced by a mechanical or electronic device.	A grave.	A plan; a purpose.	A secret plan to achieve an end, the end or means usually being illegal or otherwise questionable.	An area or land used for building on or planting on.	Attractive physical attributes of a fictional character; assets.	Contrivance; deep reach thought; ability to plot or intrigue.	Participation in any stratagem or conspiracy.	The course of a story, comprising a series of incidents which are gradually unfolded, sometimes by unexpected means.
plot	verb	To conceive (a crime, misdeed etc).	To mark (a point on a graph, chart, etc).	To trace out (a graph or diagram).
hut	noun	A small stack of grain.	A small wooden shed.	A small, simple one-storey dwelling or shelter, often with just one room, and generally built of readily available local materials.
hut	verb	To provide (someone) with shelter in a hut.	To stack (sheaves of grain).	To take shelter in a hut.
hut	intj	Called by the quarterback to prepare the team for a play.
profession	noun	A declaration of faith.	A professional occupation.	A promise or vow made on entering a religious order.	An occupation, trade, craft, or activity in which one has a professed expertise in a particular area; a job, especially one requiring a high level of skill or training.	Any declaration of belief, faith or one's opinion, whether genuine or (as now often implied) pretended.	The declaration of belief in the principles of a religion; hence, one's faith or religion.	The practitioners of such an occupation collectively.
ban	verb	To anathematize; to pronounce an ecclesiastical curse upon; to place under a ban.	To curse; to execrate.	To curse; to utter curses or maledictions.	To prohibit; to interdict; to proscribe; to forbid or block from participation.	To summon; to call out.
ban	noun	A curse or anathema.	A pecuniary mulct or penalty laid upon a delinquent for offending against a ban, such as a mulct paid to a bishop by one guilty of sacrilege or other crimes.	A prohibition.	A public proclamation or edict; also, a summons by public proclamation, and in early use especially a summons to arms.	A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Moldovan leu.	A subdivision of currency, equal to one hundredth of a Romanian leu.	A title used in several states in central and south-eastern Europe between the 7th century and the 20th century.	A unit measuring information or entropy based on base-ten logarithms, rather than the base-two logarithms that define the bit.	The gathering of the (French) king’s vassals for war; the whole body of vassals assembled this way, or liable to be summoned; originally the same as arriere-ban, but distinct since the 16th century, following French usage—see arriere-ban.
depth	noun	A set of more than one ciphertext enciphered with the same key.	An invariant of rings and modules, encoding information about dimensionality; see Depth (ring theory).	a pair of toothed wheels which work together	a very remote part.	lowness	the deepest part (usually of a body of water)	the distance between the front and the back, as the depth of a drawer or closet	the intensity, complexity, strength, seriousness or importance of an emotion, situation, etc.	the lower of the two ranks of a value in an ordered set of values	the most severe part	the number of simple elements which an abstract conception or notion includes; the comprehension or content	the perpendicular distance from the chord to the farthest point of an arched surface	the property of appearing three-dimensional	the total palette of available colors	the vertical distance below a surface; the degree to which something is deep
haste	noun	Speed; swiftness; dispatch.	Urgency; sudden excitement of feeling or passion; precipitance; vehemence.
haste	verb	To move with haste.	To urge onward; to hasten.
reluctant	adj	Contrary; defiant; refractory.	Not wanting to take some action; unwilling to do something.	Tending to match as little text as possible.
snap	noun	A backward pass or handoff of a football from its position on the ground that puts the ball in play; a hike.	A brief theatrical engagement.	A brief, sudden period of a certain weather; used primarily in the phrase cold snap.	A card game, primarily for children, in which players cry "snap" to claim pairs of matching cards as they are turned up.	A cheat or sharper.	A crisp or pithy quality; epigrammatic point or force.	A fastening device that makes a snapping sound when used.	A greedy fellow.	A newsflash.	A package provided for the application sandboxing system snapd developed by Canonical.	A photograph; a snapshot.	A quick breaking or cracking sound or the action of producing such a sound.	A quick offhand shot with a firearm; a snap shot.	A rivet: a scrapbooking embellishment.	A small device resembling a safety pin, used to attach the bait or lure to the line.	A small meal, a snack; lunch.	A snap bean such as Phaseolus vulgaris.	A snapper, or snap beetle.	A subgenre of hip-hop music derived from crunk.	A sudden break.	A thin circular cookie or similar baked good.	A tool used by glass-moulders.	A tool used by riveters.	A very short period of time (figuratively, the time taken to snap one's fingers), or a task that can be accomplished in such a period.	A visual message sent through the Snapchat application.	Alternative letter-case form of Snap.	An attempt to seize, bite, attack, or grab.	An insult of the kind used in the African-American verbal game of the dozens.	Any circumstance out of which money may be made or an advantage gained. used primarily in the phrase soft snap.	Briskness; vigour; energy; decision.	Clipping of Snapchat (“user account on Snapchat”).	Something of no value.	Something that is easy or effortless.	That which is, or may be, snapped up; something bitten off, seized, or obtained by a single quick movement; hence, a bite, morsel, or fragment; a scrap.	The act of snapping the fingers; making a sound by pressing a finger against the thumb and suddenly releasing to strike the hand.	The sudden release of something held under pressure or tension.	jounce (the fourth derivative of the position vector with respect to time), followed by crackle and pop
snap	verb	Alternative letter-case form of Snap (“to send a visual message through the Snapchat application”).	To attempt to seize or bite with the teeth, beak, etc.	To attempt to seize with eagerness.	To catch out sharply (a batsman who has just snicked a bowled ball).	To cause something to emit a snapping sound, especially by closing it rapidly.	To cause to move suddenly and smartly.	To close something using a snap as a fastener.	To fit or fasten together with a snapping sound.	To flash or appear to flash as with light.	To fracture or break apart suddenly.	To give forth or produce a sharp cracking noise; to crack.	To give way abruptly and loudly.	To jump to a fixed position relative to another element.	To misfire.	To move or shift suddenly.	To pull apart with a snapping sound; to pop loose.	To put (a football) in play by a backward pass or handoff from its position on the ground; to hike (a football).	To say abruptly or sharply.	To snap one's fingers: to make a snapping sound, often by pressing the thumb and an opposing finger of the same hand together and suddenly releasing the grip so that the finger hits against the palm; alternatively, by bringing the index finger quickly down onto the middle finger and thumb.	To snatch with or as if with the teeth.	To speak abruptly or sharply.	To speak to abruptly or sharply; to treat snappishly; usually with up.	To suffer a mental breakdown, usually while under tension.	To take a photograph; to release a camera's shutter (which may make a snapping sound).
snap	intj	"I've got one the same!", "Me too!"	The cry used in a game of snap when winning a hand.	Used after something is said by two people at exactly the same time.	Used in place of an expletive to express surprise, usually in response to a negative statement or news; often used facetiously.	Used to express agreement.
snap	adj	Done, made, performed, etc., quickly and unexpectedly, or without deliberation.
ache	verb	To cause someone or something to suffer pain.	To suffer pain; to be the source of, or be in, pain, especially continued dull pain; to be distressed.
ache	noun	Continued dull pain, as distinguished from sudden twinges, or spasmodic pain.	Parsley.	Rare spelling of aitch.
comb	noun	A connected and reduced curve with irreducible components consisting of a smooth subcurve (called the handle) and one or more additional irreducible components (called teeth) that each intersect the handle in a single point that is unequal to the unique point of intersection for any of the other teeth.	A crest (of metal, leather, etc) on a piece of armor, especially on a helmet.	A crest:	A fleshy growth on the top of the head of some birds and reptiles; crest.	A former, commonly cone-shaped, used in hat manufacturing for hardening soft fibre.	A kind of vertical plate in a lode.	A machine used in separating choice cotton fibers from worsted cloth fibers.	A structure of hexagon cells made by bees for storing honey; honeycomb.	A toothed implement for grooming the hair or (formerly) for keeping it in place.	A toothed implement:	A toothed plate used for creating wells in agar gels for electrophoresis.	A toothed tool used for chasing screws on work in a lathe; a chaser.	A toothed wooden pick used to push the weft thread tightly against the previous pass of thread to create a tight weave.	Abbreviation of combination.	Alternative form of combe.	Alternative form of coomb.	An old English measure of corn equal to the half quarter.	One of a pair of peculiar organs on the base of the abdomen in scorpions, with which they comb substrate.	The collector of an electrical machine, usually resembling a comb.	The curling crest of a wave; a comber.	The main body of a harmonica containing the air chambers and to which the reed plates are attached.	The notched scale of a wire micrometer.	The toothed plate at the top and bottom of an escalator that prevents objects getting trapped between the moving stairs and fixed landings.	The top part of a gun’s stock.
comb	verb	To groom with a toothed implement, especially a comb.	To roll over, as the top or crest of a wave; to break with a white foam, as waves.	To search thoroughly as if raking over an area with a comb.	To separate choice cotton fibers from worsted cloth fibers.	To turn a vessel parallel to (the track of) (a torpedo) so as to reduce one's size as a target.
ankle	noun	The skeletal joint which connects the foot with the leg; the uppermost portion of the foot and lowermost portion of the leg, which contain this skeletal joint.
ankle	verb	To cyclically angle the foot at the ankle while pedaling, to maximize the amount of work applied to the pedal during each revolution.	To walk.
governor	noun	A constituent of a phrase that governs another.	A device which regulates or controls some action of a machine through automatic feedback.	A member of a decision-making body (such as a committee) for a larger organization or entity (including some public agencies), similar to or equivalent to a board of directors (used especially for banks); a member of the board of governors.	A pilot; a steersman.	Boss; employer; gaffer.	Father.	One who has the care or guardianship of a young man; a tutor; a guardian.	Term of address to a man; guv'nor.	The chief executive officer of a first-level administrative division of a country.
resignation	noun	A written or oral declaration that one resigns.	An uncomplaining acceptance of something undesirable but unavoidable.	The act of resigning.	The form by which a vassal returns the feu into the hands of a superior.
16	noun	A verse of 16 lines.	Clipping of 1620 (“1620° spin”).
slavery	noun	A condition in which one is captivated or subjugated, as by greed or drugs.	A condition of servitude endured by a slave.	An institution or social practice of owning human beings as property, especially for use as forced laborers.	Forced labor in general, regardless of legality.
slavery	adj	Covered in slaver; slobbery.
loaf	noun	A block of bread after baking.	A catloaf.	A particular still life configuration with seven living cells.	A solid block of soap, from which standard bar soap is cut.	Any solid block of food, such as meat or sugar.	Ellipsis of loaf of bread: the brain or the head.
loaf	verb	To do nothing, to be idle.	To headbutt
welfare	noun	Health, safety, happiness and prosperity; well-being in any respect.	Shortened form of "welfare spending", "welfare payments", or "welfare assistance".
welfare	verb	To provide with welfare or aid.
execute	verb	To carry out, to perform an act; to put into effect or cause to become legally binding or valid (as a contract) by so doing.	To carry out; to put into effect.	To kill, especially as punishment for a capital crime.	To perform.	To run, usually successfully.	To start, launch, or run.
swing	verb	(of a bowler) To make the ball move sideways in its trajectory.	In dancing, to turn around in a small circle with one's partner, holding hands or arms.	To admit or turn something for the purpose of shaping it; said of a lathe.	To be sexually oriented.	To change (a numerical result); especially to change the outcome of an election.	To dance.	To fluctuate or change.	To hang from the gallows; to be punished by hanging, swing for something or someone; (often hyperbolic) to be severely punished.	To make (something) work; especially to afford (something) financially.	To move (an object) backward and forward; to wave.	To move one's arm in a punching motion.	To move sideways in its trajectory.	To participate in the swinging lifestyle; to participate in wifeswapping.	To play notes that are in pairs by making the first of the pair slightly longer than written (augmentation) and the second shorter, resulting in a bouncy, uneven rhythm.	To put (a door, gate, etc.) on hinges so that it can swing or turn.	To ride on a swing.	To rotate about an off-centre fixed point.	To turn in a different direction.	To turn round by action of wind or tide when at anchor.
swing	noun	A basic dance step in which a pair link hands and turn round together in a circle.	A hanging seat that can swing back and forth, in a children's playground, for acrobats in a circus, or on a porch for relaxing.	A line, cord, or other thing suspended and hanging loose, upon which anything may swing.	A type of hook with the arm more extended.	An energetic and acrobatic late-1930s partner-based dance style, also known as jitterbug and lindy-hop.	Capacity of a turning lathe, as determined by the diameter of the largest object that can be turned in it.	Free course; unrestrained liberty.	In a musical theater production, a performer who understudies several roles.	In an election, the increase or decrease in the number of votes for opposition parties compared with votes for the incumbent party.	Influence or power of anything put in motion.	Sideways movement of the ball as it flies through the air.	The act, or an instance, of swinging.	The amount of change towards or away from something.	The genre of music associated with this dance style.	The manner in which something is swung.	The maximum amount of change that has occurred or can occur; the sum of the maximum changes in any direction.	The sweep or compass of a swinging body.
orbit	noun	A collection of points related by the evolution function of a dynamical system.	A path for the ball on the outer edge of the playfield, usually connected so that the ball entering in one end will come out of the other.	A sphere of influence; an area or extent of activity, interest, or control.	A state of increased excitement, activity, or anger.	An elliptical movement of an object about a celestial object or Lagrange point, especially a periodic elliptical revolution.	One complete circuit round an orbited body.	The area around the eye of a bird or other animal.	The bony cavity in the skull of a vertebrate containing the eyeball.	The curved path of one object around a point or another body.	The number of hands such that each player at the table has posted the big blind once.	The path of an electron around an atomic nucleus.	The state of moving in an orbit.	The subset of elements of a set X to which a given element can be moved by members of a specified group of transformations that act on X.
orbit	verb	To center (around).	To circle or revolve around another object or position.	To continue to follow and/or engage with someone via social media after breaking up with them.	To move around the general vicinity of something.	To move in a circle.	To place an object (e.g. a satellite) into an orbit around a planet.
gossip	noun	A familiar acquaintance.	A genre in contemporary media, usually focused on the personal affairs of celebrities.	A sponsor; a godfather or godmother; the godparent of one's child or godchild, or the parent of one's godchild.	Communication done using a gossip protocol.	Idle conversation in general.	Idle talk about someone’s private or personal matters, especially someone not present.	Someone who likes to talk about other people's private or personal business.	Title used with the name of one's child's godparent or of a friend.
gossip	verb	To communicate using a gossip protocol.	To enjoy oneself during festivities, to make merry.	To stand godfather to; to provide godparents for.	To talk about someone else's private or personal business, especially in a manner that spreads the information.	To talk idly.
Roman	adj	A font that is upright, as opposed to oblique or italic. (See roman font.)	Of a style characterised by the size and boldness of its round arches and vaults, and having baths, aqueducts, basilicas, amphitheatres, etc.	Of noble countenance but with little facial expression.	Of or from Rome.	Of or from the Byzantine Empire.	Of or from the Roman Empire.	Of or pertaining to the Roman Catholic Church or the Holy See.	Supporting the characters of the Latin alphabet.	Used to distinguish a Roman numeral from an Arabic numeral in oral discourse.
Roman	noun	A Roman Catholic.	A native or resident of Rome.	A native or resident of the Byzantine Empire.	A native or resident of the Roman Empire.	A single letter or character in Roman type.	The Roman script.
Roman	name	A city in Neamț County, Romania.	A male given name from Latin recently borrowed from continental Europe.	A surname.
thrill	verb	To (cause something to) tremble or quiver.	To drill and thread in one operation, using a tool bit that cuts the hole and the threads in one series of computer-controlled movements.	To hurl; to throw; to cast.	To perforate by a pointed instrument; to bore; to transfix; to drill.	To suddenly excite someone, or to give someone great pleasure; to (figuratively) electrify; to experience such a sensation.
thrill	noun	A breathing place or hole; a nostril, as of a bird.	A cause of sudden excitement; a kick.	A slight quivering of the heart that accompanies a cardiac murmur.	A trembling or quivering, especially one caused by emotion; a frisson.
grandparent	noun	The parent of someone's parent.
grandparent	verb	Synonym of grandfather.
arrogant	adj	Having excessive pride in oneself, often with contempt or disrespect for others.
eighty	num	The cardinal number occurring after seventy-nine and before eighty-one, represented in Roman numerals as LXXX and in Arabic numerals as 80.
dizzy	adj	Empty-headed, scatterbrained or frivolous; ditzy.	Experiencing a sensation of whirling and of being giddy, unbalanced, or lightheaded.	Producing giddiness.	simple, half-witted.
dizzy	verb	To make (someone or something) dizzy; to bewilder.
dizzy	noun	A distributor (device in internal combustion engine).
Santa	name	A female given name from Italian.	A municipality of Ilocos Sur, Philippines.	Ellipsis of Santa Claus.
Santa	noun	An instance of any likeness of Santa.	An instance of someone dressed up as Santa.
realise	verb	Non-Oxford British standard spelling of realize.
Mondays	adv	On Monday; each Monday.
Mondays	noun	plural of Monday
unwilling	adj	Not willing; reluctant
companion	noun	A celestial object that is associated with another.	A fellow; a rogue.	A friend, acquaintance, or partner; someone with whom one spends time or accompanies	A knight of the lowest rank in certain orders.	A knot in whose neighborhood another, specified knot meets every meridian disk.	A person employed to accompany or travel with another.	A thing or phenomenon that is closely associated with another thing, phenomenon, or person.	An appended source of media or information, designed to be used in conjunction with and to enhance the main material.	The covering of a hatchway on an upper deck which leads to the companionway; the stairs themselves.	The framework on the quarterdeck of a sailing ship through which daylight entered the cabins below.
companion	verb	To be a companion to; to attend on; to accompany.	To qualify as a companion; to make equal.
vast	adj	Very great in size, amount, degree, intensity, or especially extent.	Very large or wide (literally or figuratively).	Waste; desert; desolate; lonely.
vast	noun	A vast space.
inherit	verb	To come into an inheritance.	To derive (existing functionality) from a superclass.	To derive a new class from (a superclass).	To derive from people or conditions previously in force.	To put in possession of.	To receive (property, a title, etc.), by legal succession or bequest after the previous owner's death.	To receive a characteristic from one's ancestors by genetic transmission.	To take possession of as a right (especially in Biblical translations).
mushroom	noun	A concrete column with a thickened portion at the top, used to support a slab.	A fungus producing such fruiting bodies.	Any of the fleshy fruiting bodies of fungi typically produced above ground on soil or on their food sources (such as decaying wood).	Any of the mushroom-shaped pegs in bar billiards.	Champignon or Agaricus bisporus, the mushroom species most commonly used in cooking.	Ellipsis of mushroom cloud.	One who rises suddenly from a low condition in life; an upstart.	Something that grows very quickly or seems to appear suddenly.
mushroom	adj	Having characteristics like those of a mushroom, for example in shape or appearance, speed of growth, or texture.
mushroom	verb	To form the shape of a mushroom when striking a soft target.	To form the shape of a mushroom.	To gather mushrooms.	To grow quickly to a large size or rapidly increase in scope or scale.
Islam	name	A male given name.	A monotheistic Abrahamic religion followed by Muslims that is based on the teachings of Muhammad and the Qur'an.	A surname	Muslimdom (the sphere of influence of the religion).
Google	name	A particular Internet company.	A search engine that popularized the company of the same name.
Google	verb	Alternative letter-case form of google.
context	noun	For a formula: a finite set of variables, which set contains all the free variables in the given formula.	The data (register contents, program counter value, etc.) needed to switch to another thread of execution.	The surroundings and environment in which an artifact is found and which may provide important clues about the artifact's function and/or cultural meaning.	The surroundings, circumstances, environment, background or settings that determine, specify, or clarify the meaning of an event or other occurrence.	The text in which a word or passage appears and which helps ascertain its meaning.	The trama or flesh of a mushroom.
context	verb	To knit or bind together; to unite closely.
context	adj	Knit or woven together; close; firm.
intrigue	noun	A complicated or clandestine plot or scheme intended to effect some purpose by secret artifice; conspiracy; stratagem.	Clandestine intercourse between persons; illicit intimacy; a liaison or affair.	The plot of a play, poem or romance; the series of complications in which a writer involves their imaginary characters.
intrigue	verb	To arouse the interest of; to fascinate.	To conceive or carry out a secret plan intended to harm; to form a plot or scheme.	To fill with artifice and duplicity; to complicate.	To have clandestine or illicit intercourse.
inevitable	adj	Impossible to avoid or prevent.	Predictable or always happening.
inevitable	noun	Something that is predictable, necessary, or cannot be avoided.
formal	adj	Being in accord with established forms.	Ceremonial or traditional.	In accordance with a methodological framework with well-defined rules or laws; rigorous.	Official.	Organized; well-structured and planned.	Proper, according to strict etiquette; not casual.	Relating to formation.	Relating to mere manipulation and construction of strings of symbols, without regard to their meaning.	Relating to the form or structure of something.
formal	noun	A formal parameter.	An acetal formed from formaldehyde.	An evening gown.	An event with a formal dress code.	Ellipsis of formal hall.	Formalin.
lifetime	noun	A long period of time.	The duration of the life of someone or something.
dial	noun	A disk with finger holes on a telephone; used to select the number to be called.	A graduated, circular scale over which a needle moves to show a measurement (such as speed).	A miner's compass.	A panel on a radio etc showing wavelengths or channels; a knob that is turned to change the wavelength etc.	A person's face.	A sundial.	Such a field as part of a clock face; (metonymic) the entire clock face.
dial	verb	To control or select something with a dial, or (figuratively) as if with a dial.	To select a number, or to call someone, on a telephone.	To use a dial or a telephone.
suffering	adj	Experiencing pain; characterized by suffering.
suffering	noun	The condition of someone who suffers; a state of pain or distress.
suffering	verb	present participle and gerund of suffer
identity	noun	A name or persona—a mask or appearance one presents to the world—by which one is known.	A well-known or famous person.	An element of an algebraic structure which, when applied to another element under an operation in that structure, yields this second element.	An equation which always holds true regardless of the choice of input variables.	Any function which maps all elements of its domain to themselves.	Sameness, identicalness; the quality or fact of (several specified things) being the same.	The difference or character that marks off an individual or collective from the rest of the same kind; selfhood; the sense of who something or someone or oneself is, or the recurring characteristics that enable the recognition of such an individual or group by others or themselves.
aspirin	noun	a tablet containing this substance	an analgesic drug, acetylsalicylic acid
condemn	verb	To adjudge (a building) as being unfit for habitation.	To adjudge (building or construction work) as of unsatisfactory quality, requiring the work to be redone.	To adjudge (food or drink) as being unfit for human consumption.	To confer eternal divine punishment upon.	To declare (a vessel) to be forfeited to the government or to be a prize.	To declare (a vessel) to be unfit for service.	To declare something to be unfit for use, or further use.	To destine to experience bad circumstances; to doom.	To determine and declare (property) to be assigned to public use. See eminent domain.	To judicially announce a verdict upon a finding of guilt; To sentence	To judicially pronounce (someone) guilty.	To strongly criticise or denounce; to excoriate.
Sir	noun	A respectful term of address or reference to a man of higher rank or position before the man's given name or nickname.	Alternative letter-case form of sir.	The titular prefix given to a knight or baronet.
Sir	name	Alternative form of Syr.
abide	verb	To await submissively; accept without question; submit to.	To bear patiently.	To endure or undergo a hard trial or a task; to stand up under.	To endure without yielding; to withstand.	To endure; to remain; to last.	To have one's abode.	To pause; to delay.	To pay for; to stand the consequences of.	To stand ready for; to await for someone; watch for.	To stay; to continue in a place; to remain stable or fixed in some state or condition; to be left.	To wait in expectation.	Used in a phrasal verb: abide by (“to accept and act in accordance with”).
hopeless	adj	Giving no ground of hope; promising nothing desirable; desperate.	Incurable.	Without hope; despairing; not expecting anything positive.	Without talent, not skilled.
inclined	adj	At an angle to the horizontal; slanted or sloped.	Having a tendency, preference, likelihood, or disposition.
inclined	verb	simple past and past participle of incline
bid	verb	To announce (one's goal), before starting play.	To invite; to summon.	To issue a command; to tell.	To make an attempt.	To make an offer to pay or accept a certain price.	To offer as a price; to tender.	To proclaim (a bede, prayer); to pray.	To take a particular route regularly.	To utter a greeting or salutation.	simple past and past participle of bid
bid	noun	A (failed) attempt to receive or intercept a pass.	A particular route that a driver regularly takes from their domicile.	A prison sentence.	An attempt, effort, or pursuit (of a goal).	An offer at an auction, or to carry out a piece of work.
Middle		
burden	noun	A birth.	A cause of worry; that which is grievous, wearisome, or oppressive.	A fixed quantity of certain commodities.	A heavy load.	A phrase or theme that recurs at the end of each verse in a folk song or ballad.	A responsibility, onus.	The capacity of a vessel, or the weight of cargo that she will carry.	The distance between rows of blastholes parallel to the major free face (i.e. face of the excavation)	The drone of a bagpipe.	The proportion of ore and flux to fuel, in the charge of a blast furnace.	The tops or heads of stream-work which lie over the stream of tin.	The total amount of toxins, parasites, cancer cells, plaque or similar present in an organism.	Theme, core idea.
burden	verb	To encumber with a literal or figurative burden.	To impose, as a load or burden; to lay or place as a burden (something heavy or objectionable).
athletic	adj	An attribute of a motion or play which requires fine physical ability.	Having a muscular, well developed body, being in shape.	Having to do with athletes.	Of a level in a Super Mario game: with an emphasis on platforming challenge, often involving precise jumps between floating platforms above a bottomless pit, and having upbeat background music.	Physically active.
athletic	noun	A muscular, large–boned person, in the typology of Ernst Kretschmer.
domestic	adj	Internal to a specific country.	Kept by someone, for example as a farm animal or a pet.	Of or relating to activities normally associated with the home, wherever they actually occur.	Of or relating to the home.	Tending to stay at home; not outgoing.
domestic	noun	A domestic dispute, whether verbal or violent.	A maid or household servant.
pole	noun	A construction by which an animal is harnessed to a carriage.	A contact on an electrical device (such as a battery) at which electric current enters or leaves.	A fixed point relative to other points or lines.	A long sports implement used for pole-vaulting; now made of glassfiber or carbon fiber, formerly also metal, bamboo and wood have been used.	A penis.	A point of magnetic focus, especially each of the two opposing such points of a magnet (designated north and south).	A pole position.	A rifle.	A telescope used to identify birds, aeroplanes or wildlife.	A type of basic fishing rod.	A unit of length, equal to a rod (¹⁄₄ chain or 5+¹⁄₂ yards).	Any of a small set of extremes; especially, either of two extremes that are possible or available.	Either of the states that characterize a bipolar disorder.	Either of the two points on the earth's surface around which it rotates; also, similar points on any other rotating object.	For a meromorphic function f(z), any point a for which f(z)→∞ as z→a.	Originally, a stick; now specifically, a long and slender piece of metal or (especially) wood, used for various construction or support purposes.	The firmament; the sky.
pole	verb	To convey on poles.	To furnish with poles for support.	To identify something quite precisely using a telescope.	To induce piezoelectricity in (a substance) by aligning the dipoles.	To propel by pushing with poles, to push with a pole.	To stir, as molten glass, with a pole.	To strike (the ball) very hard.	To treat (copper) by blowing natural gas or other reducing agent through the molten oxide, burning off the oxygen.
regulation	noun	A form of legislative act which is self-effecting, and requires no further intervention by the Member States to become law.	A law or administrative rule, issued by an organization, used to guide or prescribe the conduct of members of that organization.	A numbered provision within such kind of legislation.	A type of law made by the executive branch of a government, usually as authorized by a statute made by the legislative branch giving the executive the authority to do so.	Mechanism controlling DNA transcription.	Physiological process which consists in maintaining homoeostasis.	The act of regulating or the condition of being regulated.
regulation	adj	In conformity with applicable rules and regulations.
grounds	noun	Basis or justification for something.	The collective land areas that compose a larger area.	The sediment at the bottom of a liquid, or from which a liquid has been filtered.	plural of ground
grounds	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of ground
mainly	adv	Chiefly; for the most part.	Forcefully, vigorously.	Of the production of a sound: loudly, powerfully.	To a great degree; very much.
genuine	adj	Belonging to, or proceeding from the original stock; native	Not counterfeit, spurious, false, or adulterated
substance	noun	A form of matter that has constant chemical composition and characteristic properties.	Drugs (illegal narcotics)	Material possessions; estate; property; resources.	Ousia, essence; underlying reality or hypostasis in the philosophical sense.	Physical matter; material.	Substantiality; solidity; firmness.	The essential part of anything; the most vital part.
substance	verb	To give substance to; to make real or substantial.
sidewalk	noun	A paved footpath located at the side of a road, for the use of pedestrians.	Any paved footpath, even if not located at the side of a road.
modest	adj	Intending to avoid the encouraging of sexual attraction in others.	Not bragging or boasting about oneself or one's achievements; unpretentious, humble.	Pure and delicate from a sense of propriety.	Small, moderate in size.
Beth	name	A diminutive of the female given names Elizabeth or Bethany.
broadcast	adj	Cast or scattered widely in all directions; cast abroad.	Communicated, signalled, or transmitted to many people, through radio waves or electronic means.	Relating to transmissions of messages or signals to many people through radio waves or electronic means.
broadcast	adv	By having its seeds sown over a wide area.	Widely in all directions; abroad.
broadcast	noun	A programme (bulletin, documentary, show, etc.) so transmitted.	A transmission of a radio or television programme intended to be received by anyone with a receiver.	The act of scattering seed; a crop grown from such seed.
broadcast	verb	To appear as a performer, presenter, or speaker in a broadcast programme.	To send an email in a single transmission to a (typically large) number of people.	To sow seeds over a wide area.	To transmit a message or signal through radio waves or electronic means.	To transmit a message over a wide area.
confusing	adj	difficult to understand; not clear as lacking order, chaotic, etc.
confusing	verb	present participle and gerund of confuse
de	noun	The name of the Cyrillic script letter Д / д.
de	verb	Alternative form of dee (“to do”).
de	article	Pronunciation spelling of the.
de	intj	A meaningless unstressed syllable used when singing a tune or indicating a rhythm.
de	prep	Used in the titles of French nobility; of.
worthwhile	adj	Good and important enough to spend time, effort, or money on.
assign	verb	To allot or give (something) as a task.	To appoint or select (someone) for some office.	To attribute or sort (something) into categories.	To categorize (someone) as belonging to the male or female sex.	To designate or set apart (something) for some purpose.	To give (a value) to a variable.	To transfer (property, a legal right, etc.) from one person to another.
assign	noun	A design or purpose.	A thing relating or belonging to something else; an appurtenance.	An assignee.	An assignment or appointment.
pistol	noun	A handgun	A lively, high-energy person.	An offensive formation in which the quarterback receives the snap at a distance behind the center, but closer than in a shotgun formation, with a running back lined up behind him.	The mechanical component of a fuse in a bomb or torpedo responsible for firing the detonator.	The type of handgun with the chamber integral with the barrel.
pistol	verb	To shoot (at) a target with a pistol.
console	noun	A decorative frame or support (in architecture, drawings, etc) around a heraldic shield.	A desk-like cabinet, table, or stand upon which controls, instruments, and displays are mounted.	A stand-alone cabinet designed to stand on the floor; especially, one integrated with home entertainment equipment, such as a TV or stereo system.	A storage tray or container mounted between the seats of an automobile.	Abbreviation of video game console.	An instrument with displays and an input device that is used to monitor and control an electronic system.	An ornamental member jutting out of a wall to carry a superincumbent weight, often S-shaped.	The keyboard and screen of a computer or other electronic device.	cantilever
console	verb	To comfort (someone) in a time of grief, disappointment, etc.
tobacco	noun	A variety of tobacco.	Any plant of the genus Nicotiana.	Leaves of Nicotiana tabacum and some other species cultivated and harvested to make cigarettes, cigars, snuff, for smoking in pipes or for chewing.
tobacco	verb	To indulge in tobacco; to smoke.	To treat with tobacco.
fascinating	adj	Having interesting qualities; captivating; attractive.
fascinating	verb	present participle and gerund of fascinate
survey	noun	A district for the collection of customs under a particular officer.	A measured plan and description of any portion of country.	A particular view; an examination, especially an official examination, of a particular group of items, in order to ascertain the condition, quantity, or quality.	A questionnaire or similar instrument used for examining the opinions of a group of people.	An auction at which a farm is let for a lease for lives.	An examination of the opinions of a group of people.	The act of surveying; a general view.	The operation of finding the contour, dimensions, position, or other particulars of any part of the Earth's surface.
survey	verb	To determine the form, extent, position, etc., of, as a tract of land, a coast, harbor, or the like, by means of linear and angular measurements, and the application of the principles of geometry and trigonometry	To examine and ascertain, as the boundaries and royalties of a manor, the tenure of the tenants, and the rent and value of the same.	To examine with reference to condition, situation, value, etc.; to examine and ascertain the state of	To inspect, or take a view of; to view with attention, as from a high place; to overlook	To investigate the opinions, experiences, etc., of people by asking them questions; to conduct a survey; to administer a questionnaire.	To view with a scrutinizing eye; to examine.
men	noun	(The) people, humanity, man(kind).	Enlisted personnel (as opposed to commissioned officers).	plural of man
gambling	verb	present participle and gerund of gamble
gambling	noun	An activity characterized by a balance between winning and losing that is governed by a mixture of skill and chance, usually with money wagered on the outcome.
jury	noun	A group of individuals chosen from the general population to hear and decide a case in a court of law.	A group of judges in a competition.	The audience attending the first night of a performance, whose reaction may determine whether it succeeds or fails.
jury	verb	To judge by means of a jury.
jury	adj	For temporary use; applied to a temporary contrivance.
beloved	adj	Much loved, dearly loved.
beloved	noun	Someone who is loved; something that is loved.
beloved	verb	simple past and past participle of belove.
secretly	adv	In secret, covertly.
transform	verb	To change greatly the appearance or form of.	To change the nature, condition or function of; to change in nature, disposition, heart, character, etc.; to convert.	To subject (a cell) to transformation.	To subject to a transformation; to change into another form without altering the value.	To subject to the action of a transformer.	To undergo a transformation; to change in appearance or character.
transform	noun	A function so produced.	A transform fault.	An operation (often an integration) that converts one function into another.
Iraq	name	A country in Western Asia in the Middle East. Official name: Republic of Iraq. Capital and largest city: Baghdad.	An expansive medieval region of Western Asia, including not only the modern territories of Iraq but also large parts of western Iran (the so-called Persian Iraq).
bride	noun	A woman in the context of her own wedding; one who is going to marry or has just been married.	An object ardently loved.	an individual loop or other device connecting the patterns in lacework
bride	verb	to make a bride of
absurd	adj	Contrary to reason or propriety; obviously and flatly opposed to manifest truth; inconsistent with the plain dictates of common sense; logically contradictory; nonsensical; ridiculous; silly.	Dealing with absurdism.	Having no rational or orderly relationship to people's lives; meaningless; lacking order or value.	Inharmonious; dissonant.
absurd	noun	An absurdity.	The opposition between the human search for meaning in life and the inability to find any; the state or condition in which man exists in an irrational universe and his life has no meaning outside of his existence.
favour	noun	British standard spelling of favor.
favour	verb	British standard spelling of favor.
motive	noun	A limb or other bodily organ that can move.	Alternative form of motif.	An idea or communication that makes one want to act, especially from spiritual sources; a divine prompting.	An incentive to act in a particular way; a reason or emotion that makes one want to do something; anything that prompts a choice of action.	Something which causes someone to want to commit a crime; a reason for criminal behaviour.
motive	verb	To prompt or incite by a motive or motives; to move.
motive	adj	Causing motion; having power to move, or tending to move	Relating to motion and/or to its cause
equally	adv	In an equal manner; in equal shares or proportion; with equal and impartial justice; evenly	In equal degree or extent; just as.	Used to link two or more coordinate elements
compel	verb	To call forth; to summon.	To drive together, round up.	To exact, extort, (make) produce by force.	To force to yield; to overpower; to subjugate.	To force, constrain, or coerce.	To forcefully or powerfully motivate (a course of action).	To gather or unite in a crowd or company.	To have a strong, irresistible force (on someone or something).	To overpower; to subdue.
robbery	noun	The act or practice of robbing.	The offense of taking or attempting to take the property of another by force or threat of force.
frequent	adj	Addicted to any course of conduct; inclined to indulge in any practice; habitual; persistent.	Done or occurring often; common.	Full; crowded; thronged.	Occurring at short intervals.	Often or commonly reported.
frequent	verb	To visit often.
bold	adj	Courageous, daring.	Full-bodied.	Having thicker strokes than the ordinary form of the typeface.	Naughty; insolent; badly-behaved.	Pornographic; depicting nudity.	Presumptuous, forward or impudent.	Steep or abrupt.	Visually striking; conspicuous.
bold	verb	To become bold or brave.	To make (a font or some text) bold.	To make bold or daring.
bold	noun	A dwelling; habitation; building.
wreck	noun	A large number of birds that have been brought to the ground, injured or dead, by extremely adverse weather.	A shipwreck: an event in which a ship is heavily damaged or destroyed.	An event in which something is damaged through collision.	Goods, etc. cast ashore by the sea after a shipwreck.	Something or someone that has been ruined.	The remains of something that has been severely damaged or worn down.
wreck	verb	To be involved in a wreck; to be damaged or destroyed.	To destroy violently; to cause severe damage to something, to a point where it no longer works, or is useless.	To dismantle wrecked vehicles or other objects, to reclaim any useful parts.	To involve in a wreck; hence, to cause to suffer ruin; to balk of success, and bring disaster on.	To plunder goods from wrecked ships.	To ruin or dilapidate.
creepy	adj	Causing discomfort or repulsion due to strange or eccentric behavior.	Causing discomfort through exhibiting sexually inappropriate behavior.	Feeling an uneasy fearful sensation; creeped out.	Moving by creeping along.	Producing an uneasy fearful sensation, as of things crawling over one's skin.
rational	adj	Capable of reasoning.	Comprising, or expressible as, a ratio	Expressing a physical object.	Expressing the type, structure, relations, and reactions of a compound; graphic; said of formulae.	Healthy or balanced intellectually; exhibiting reasonableness.	Logically sound; not self-contradictory or otherwise absurd.	Of a function between varieties: acting as a morphism on an open subset of its domain.	Of a number, capable of being expressed as the ratio of two integers.	Of a point on an algebraic variety over a field: whose coordinates belong to the field in question (in contrast to those points of the variety which are only defined over the algebraic closure of the base field).	Of a variety: (informally) geometrically simple almost everywhere; (formally) birationally equivalent to projective space	Of an algebraic expression in indeterminates, or more generally a function: capable of being expressed as the ratio of two polynomials.
rational	noun	A rational number: a number that can be expressed as the quotient of two integers.	The breastplate worn by Israelite high priests.
rapid	adj	Happy.	Needing only a brief exposure time. (of a lens, plate, film, etc.)	Steep, changing altitude quickly. (of a slope)	Very swift or quick.	Violent, severe.
rapid	adv	Rapidly.
rapid	noun	A burst of rapid fire.	A rough section of a river or stream which is difficult to navigate due to the swift and turbulent motion of the water.	Ellipsis of rapid chess.
soak	verb	(slang, boxing) To hit or strike.	To absorb; to drain.	To allow (especially a liquid) to be absorbed; to take in, receive. (usually + up)	To be saturated with liquid by being immersed in it.	To drink intemperately or gluttonously.	To engage in penetrative sex without hip thrusting.	To heat (a metal) before shaping it.	To hold a kiln at a particular temperature for a given period of time.	To immerse in liquid to the point of saturation or thorough permeation.	To overcharge or swindle out of a large amount of money.	To penetrate or permeate by saturation.
soak	noun	A carouse; a drinking session.	A drunkard.	A low-lying depression that fills with water after rain.	An immersion in water etc.
foundation	noun	A basis for social bodies or intellectual disciplines.	A donation or legacy appropriated to support a charitable institution, and constituting a permanent fund; endowment.	Cosmetic cream roughly skin-colored, designed to make the face appear uniform in color and texture.	In solitaire or patience games, one of the piles of cards that the player attempts to build, usually holding all cards of a suit in ascending order.	That upon which anything is founded; that on which anything stands, and by which it is supported; the lowest and supporting layer of a superstructure; underbuilding.	That which is founded, or established by endowment; an endowed institution or charity.	The act of founding, fixing, establishing, or beginning to erect.	The lowest and supporting part or member of a wall, including the base course and footing courses; in a frame house, the whole substructure of masonry.	The result of the work to begin something; that which stabilizes and allows an enterprise or system to develop.
pin	noun	A cataract of the eye.	A cylinder often of wood or metal used to fasten or as a bearing between two parts.	A leg.	A mood, a state of being.	A needle without an eye (usually) made of drawn-out steel wire with one end sharpened and the other flattened or rounded into a head, used for fastening.	A peg in musical instruments for increasing or relaxing the tension of the strings.	A piece of jewellery that is attached to clothing with a pin.	A pinball machine.	A short shaft, sometimes forming a bolt, a part of which serves as a journal.	A simple accessory that can be attached to clothing with a pin or fastener, often round and bearing a design, logo or message, and used for decoration, identification or to show political affiliation, etc.	A size of brewery cask, equal to half a firkin, or eighth of a barrel.	A slender object specially designed for use in a specific game or sport, such as skittles or bowling.	A small cylindrical object which blocks the rotation of a pin-tumbler lock when the incorrect key is inserted.	A small nail with a head and a sharp point.	A thing of small value; a trifle.	An injection of PEDs.	Any of the individual connecting elements of a multipole electrical connector.	Caligo.	Either a scenario in which moving a lesser piece to escape from attack would expose a more valuable piece to being taken instead, or one where moving a piece is impossible as it would place the king in check.	One of a row of pegs in the side of an ancient drinking cup to mark how much each person should drink.	The flagstick: the flag-bearing pole which marks the location of a hole	The spot at the exact centre of the house (the target area)	The spot at the exact centre of the target, originally a literal pin that fastened the target in place.	The tenon of a dovetail joint.	The victory condition of holding the opponent's shoulders on the wrestling mat for a prescribed period of time.
pin	verb	Alternative form of peen.	To attach (an icon, application, message etc.) to another item so that it persists.	To cause (a piece) to be in a pin.	To cause an analog gauge to reach the stop pin at the high end of the range.	To enclose; to confine; to pen; to pound.	To fasten or attach (something) with a pin.	To fix (an array in memory, a security certificate, etc.) so that it cannot be modified.	To inject for performance enhancement.	To move a piece onto a blot, preventing the piece from further movement.	To pin down (someone).
suburb	noun	A residential area located on the outskirts of a city or large town that usually includes businesses that cater to its residents; such as schools, grocery stores, shopping centers, restaurants, convenience stores, etc.	Any subdivision of a conurbation, not necessarily on the periphery.	The outer part; the environment.
fare	noun	A going; journey; travel; voyage; course; passage.	A paying passenger, especially in a taxi.	A prostitute's client.	Food and drink.	Money paid for a transport ticket.	Supplies for consumption or pleasure.
fare	verb	To eat, dine.	To get along, succeed (well or badly); to be in any state, or pass through any experience, good or bad; to be attended with any circumstances or train of events.	To go, travel.	To happen well, or ill.	To move along; proceed; progress; advance
ash	noun	A gray color, similar to that of the remains of a fire.	A shade tree of the genus Fraxinus.	Alternative form of aush.	Any tree of certain species of other genera.	Fine particles from a volcano, volcanic ash.	Human (or animal) remains after cremation.	Mortal remains in general.	Solid remains of a fire.	The nonaqueous remains of a material subjected to any complete oxidation process.	The traditional name for the ae ligature (æ), as used in Old English.	The wood of this tree.	What remains after a catastrophe.
ash	verb	To cover newly-sown fields of crops with ashes.	To hit the end off (a burning cigar or cigarette).	To mark (someone) with an ashen cross on the forehead to observe Ash Wednesday.	To reduce to a residue of ash. See ashing.
ash	adv	Abbreviation of as hell or as heck.
freely	adj	Free; frank.	Generous; noble; excellent; beautiful; lovely.
freely	adv	In a free manner.	Of one's own free will.	Without interference or restriction.
achievement	noun	A great or heroic deed or feat; something accomplished by valor or boldness.	An award for completing a particular task or meeting an objective in a video game.	An escutcheon or ensign armorial; a full display or depiction of all the heraldic components to which the bearer of a coat of arms is entitled; (now especially) a funeral shield: the hatchment.	The act of achieving or performing; a successful performance; accomplishment.	The lexical aspect (aktionsart) of verbs or predicates that change in an instant.	The successful completion of a socially defined goal or task, highlighting individual or group accomplishment.
abolish	verb	To end a law, system, institution, custom or practice.	To put an end to or destroy, as a physical object; to wipe out.
traitor	noun	One who betrays any confidence or trust.	Someone who takes arms and levies war against their country; or one who aids an enemy in conquering their country.	Someone who violates an allegiance and betrays their country; someone guilty of treason; one who, in breach of trust, delivers their country to an enemy, or yields up any fort or place entrusted to their defense, or surrenders an army or body of troops to the enemy, unless when vanquished.
traitor	verb	To act the traitor toward; to betray; to deceive.
traitor	adj	Traitorous.
cockroach	noun	A hard lump of brown sugar.	A person from New South Wales.	A person or a member of a group of people regarded as undesirable and rapidly procreating.	Any black or brown straight-winged insect of the order Blattodea that is not a termite.
lick	verb	To beat with repeated blows.	To defeat decisively, particularly in a fight.	To do anything partially.	To lap.	To lap; to take in with the tongue.	To overcome.	To perform cunnilingus.	To stroke with the tongue.
lick	noun	A place where animals lick minerals from the ground.	A quick and careless application of anything, as if by a stroke of the tongue.	A rate of speed. (Always qualified by good, fair, or a similar adjective.)	A short motif.	A small amount; a whit.	A small watercourse or ephemeral stream. It ranks between a rill and a stream.	A stroke or blow.	An act of cunnilingus.	An attempt at something.	An instance or opportunity to earn money fast, usually by illegal means, thus a heist, drug deal etc. or its victim; mostly used in phrasal verbs: hit a lick, hit licks	The act of licking; a stroke of the tongue.	The amount of some substance obtainable with a single lick.
misse		
ending	noun	A termination or conclusion.	The last morpheme of a word, added to some base to make an inflected form (such as -s in "dogs").	The last part of something.
ending	verb	present participle and gerund of end
luxury	noun	Copulation; the act or action of sex.	Lustfulness; sexual desire or attraction.	Something desirable but expensive and that one can live without.	Something that is pleasant and desirable but not necessary in life (whether expensive or not).	Very wealthy and comfortable surroundings; the state of being that they create.
luxury	adj	Not essential but desirable and enjoyable and indulgent.	Pertaining to the top-end market segment for mass production mass market vehicles, above the premium market segment.	Very expensive.
alter	verb	To affect mentally, as by psychotropic drugs or illness.	To become different.	To castrate, neuter or spay (a dog or other animal).	To change the form or structure of.	To tailor clothes to make them fit.
alter	noun	Misspelling of altar.	One of the personalities, identities, or selves in a person with dissociative identity disorder or another form of multiplicity.
bald	adj	Denuded of any covering.	Having little or no hair on the head, or having a large area of bare scalp on top of the head.	Having little or no hair, fur, or feathers.	Of a statement or account, unembellished.	Of a statement, without evidence or support being provided.	Of animals, having areas (of fur or plumage) that are colored white, especially on the head.	Of tyres: whose surface is worn away.
bald	noun	A bald person.	A mountain summit or crest that lacks forest growth despite a warm climate conducive to such, as is found in many places in the Southern Appalachian Mountains.
bald	verb	To become bald.
volleyball	noun	A game played on a rectangular court between two teams of two to six players which involves striking a ball back and forth over a net.	The inflated ball used in such a game.
pajama	noun	A pair of pajamas.	Attributive form of pajamas.
burning	verb	present participle and gerund of burn
burning	adj	Being keenly discussed.	Consuming; intense; inflaming; exciting; vehement; powerful.	Feeling great passion.	Feeling very hot.	On fire.	So hot as to seem to burn (something).
burning	noun	A fiery pain.	A fire.	The act by which something burns or is burned.	purposefully remove certain number of coins in circulation, by sending it to a public address where the private keys cannot be obtained (called burn address, eater address or black hole), usually should be available on the blockchain for anyone to review such a transaction. It’s a one-way address with no ability to reverse the transaction or withdraw the coins. For all practical purposes, the asset no longer exists (it has been “burned”). The act of burning effectively removes tokens from the available supply.
grand	adj	Containing all the parts proper to a given form of composition.	Fine; lovely.	Great in size, and fine or imposing in appearance or impression; illustrious, dignified, magnificent.	Having higher rank or more dignity, size, or importance than other persons or things of the same name.	Large, senior (high-ranking), intense, extreme, or exceptional	Of a large size or extent; great.	Standing in the second or some more remote degree of parentage or descent (see grand-).
grand	noun	A grand piano	A grandparent or grandchild.	A thousand RPM.	A thousand of some unit of currency, such as dollars or pounds. (Compare G.)
incorrect	adj	Faulty or defective.	Inappropriate or improper.	Not correct; erroneous or wrong.
incorrect	noun	An item or response that is incorrect.
smash	noun	A bankruptcy.	A disaster; a bad situation.	A kind of julep cocktail containing chunks of fresh fruit that can be eaten after finishing the drink.	A mashed foodstuff.	A traffic collision.	A very hard overhead shot hit sharply downward.	Airspeed; dynamic pressure.	Destruction.	Something very successful or popular (as music, food, fashion, etc).	The sound of a violent impact; a violent striking together.
smash	verb	Synonym of go to smash (“to go to ruin; to fail disastrously”).	To be destroyed by being smashed.	To break (something brittle) violently.	To defeat overwhelmingly; to gain a comprehensive success over.	To deform through continuous pressure.	To have sex with.	To hit extremely hard.	To pass counterfeit money.	To ruin completely and suddenly.
Sweden	name	A country in Scandinavia in Northern Europe. Official name: Kingdom of Sweden.
pose	noun	Affectation.	Common cold, head cold; catarrh.	Position, posture, arrangement (especially of the human body).
pose	verb	To ask (someone) questions; to interrogate.	To ask; to set (a test, quiz, riddle, etc.).	To assume or maintain a pose; to strike an attitude.	To behave affectedly in order to attract interest or admiration.	To constitute (a danger, a threat, a risk, etc.).	To falsely impersonate (another person or occupation) primarily for the purpose of accomplishing something or reaching a goal.	To interrogate; to question.	To perplex or confuse (someone).	To place in an attitude or fixed position, for the sake of effect.	To question with a view to puzzling; to embarrass by questioning or scrutiny; to bring to a stand.	to puzzle, non-plus, or embarrass with difficult questions.
atom	noun	A hypothetical particle posited by Greek philosophers as an ultimate and indivisible component of matter.	A mote of dust in a sunbeam.	A non-zero member of a partially ordered set that has only zero below it (assuming that the poset has a least element, its "zero").	A very small amount; a whit.	An age group division in hockey for nine- to eleven-year-olds.	An element of a set that is not itself a set; an urelement.	An individual number or symbol, as opposed to a list; a scalar value.	An integer representing a particular string.	In logical atomism, a fundamental fact that cannot be further broken down.	The smallest medieval unit of time, equal to fifteen ninety-fourths of a second.	The smallest possible amount of matter which still retains its identity as a chemical element, now known to consist of a nucleus surrounded by electrons.	The smallest, indivisible constituent part or unit of something.
Finnish	adj	Of or pertaining to Finland or the Finns; Finlandic, Finlandish.	Of or pertaining to the Finnish language.
Finnish	noun	The Finno-Ugric language spoken by the majority of the people living in Finland, one of the two official languages of the country (the other is Swedish).
mightve		
cotton	noun	A liking.	A plant of genus Gossypium, used as a source of such fiber.	A soft, fibrous, usually white substance consisting of fine hairs, especially the substance around the seeds of a plant of genus Gossypium.	A wick of a candle.	An item of clothing made from such textiles.	Any plant that encases its seed in a thin fiber that is harvested and used as a fabric or cloth.	Any similar soft, fibrous, white substance of fine hairs, of any origin.	Textiles made from the fiber harvested from a cotton plant, especially Gossypium.	Thread of such fiber.	fibrous substance	manufactured product of such substance	plant source
cotton	adj	Made of cotton.
cotton	verb	To cover walls with fabric.	To cover with cotton bolls over a layer of tar (analogous to tar and feather )	To develop a porous, cottony texture.	To enshroud with a layer of whiteness.	To fill with a wad of cotton.	To get on with someone or something; to have a good relationship with someone.	To give the appearance of being dotted with cotton balls.	To make or become cotton-like	To protect from harsh stimuli, coddle, or muffle.	To provide with cotton.	To raise a nap, providing with a soft, cottony texture.	To rub or burnish with cotton.	To supply with a cotton wick.	To wrap with a protective layer of cotton fabric.
cable	noun	100 fathoms, 600 imperial feet, approximately 185 m.	A long object used to make a physical connection.	A moulding, shaft of a column, or any other member of convex, rounded section, made to resemble the spiral twist of a rope.	A strong rope or chain used to moor or anchor a ship.	A strong, large-diameter wire or rope, or something resembling such a rope.	A system for transmitting television or Internet services over a network of coaxial or fibreoptic cables.	A telegram, notably when sent by (submarine) telegraph cable.	A textural pattern achieved by passing groups of stitches over one another.	A unit of length equal to one tenth of a nautical mile.	An assembly of two or more cable-laid ropes.	An assembly of two or more wires, used for electrical power or data circuits; one or more and/or the whole may be insulated.	Ellipsis of cable television, broadcast over the above network, not by antenna.	The currency pair British Pound against United States Dollar.
cable	verb	To communicate by cable.	To create cable stitches.	To fasten (something) (as if) with cable(s).	To ornament (something) with cabling.	To provide (something) with cable(s).	To send (a telegram, news, etc.) by cable.	To wrap (wires) to form a cable.
gum	noun	A gum tree, any of various types of trees or an individual thereof.	A gummi candy.	A hive made of a section of a hollow gum tree; hence, any roughly made hive.	A rubber overshoe.	A single piece of chewing gum.	A vessel or bin made from a hollow log.	A viscous water-soluble carbohydrate exudate of certain plants that hardens when it becomes dry, or such a substance as a component of a plant exudate.	Any viscous or sticky substance resembling the true gum.	Chewing gum.	The flesh around the teeth.
gum	verb	To apply an adhesive or gum to; to make sticky by applying a sticky substance to.	To chew, especially of a toothless person or animal.	To deepen and enlarge the spaces between the teeth of (a worn saw), as with a gummer.	To impair the functioning of a thing or process.	To inelegantly attach into a sequence.	To stiffen with glue or gum.
dirt	noun	A stain or spot (on clothes etc); any foreign substance that worsens appearance.	Excrement; dung.	Freckles.	In placer mining, earth, gravel, etc., before washing.	Meanness; sordidness.	Previously unknown facts or rumors about a person.	Soil or earth.
dirt	verb	To make foul or filthy; soil; befoul; dirty
Nara	name	A prefecture of Japan.	The capital city of Nara Prefecture, Japan.
Brian	name	A male given name from Irish.	A surname.
unlike	adj	Not like; dissimilar (to); having no resemblance; unalike.	Not likely; improbable; unlikely.	Unequal.
unlike	prep	Different from; not in a like or similar manner.	In contrast with; as opposed to.	Not typical of one's character or personality.
unlike	noun	Something that is not like something else; something different.	The act of withdrawing one's like from a post on social media.
unlike	verb	To cancel a "like" action.	To dislike.	To withdraw support or enjoyment for.
Harry	name	A diminutive of the female given name Harriet.	A diminutive of the male given name Henry, Harold.	A male given name from French, originating as an Anglicization of Henri	A male given name from the Germanic languages.	A male given name.	A surname originating as a patronymic.
Harry	noun	The drug heroin.
reference	noun	A measurement one can compare (some other measurement) to.	A person who provides this information; a referee.	A previously published written work thus indicated; a source.	A reference work.	A relation between objects in which one object designates, or acts as a means by which to connect to or link to, another object.	A relationship or relation (to something).	A short written identification of a previously published work which is used as a source for a text.	A special sequence used to represent complex characters in markup languages, such as &trade; for the ™ symbol.	An object containing information which refers to data stored elsewhere, as opposed to containing the data itself.	Appeal.	Information about a person, provided by someone (a referee) with whom they are well acquainted.	The act of referring: a submitting for information or decision.
reference	verb	To cite, to use as a reference.	To contain the value that is a memory address of some value stored in memory.	To mention, to refer to.	To provide a list of references for (a text).
tendency	noun	A likelihood of behaving in a particular way or going in a particular direction; a tending toward.	An organised unit or faction within a larger political organisation.
scatter	verb	Of a pitcher: to keep down the number of hits or walks.	To (cause to) separate and go in different directions; to disperse.	To be dispersed upon.	To deflect (radiation or particles).	To distribute loosely as by sprinkling.	To frustrate, disappoint, and overthrow.	To leave.	To occur or fall at widely spaced intervals.
scatter	noun	A collection of dispersed objects.	The act of scattering or dispersing.
outdoors	adv	Not inside a house or under covered structure; unprotected; in the open air.
outdoors	noun	The environment outside of enclosed structures.	The natural environment in the open air, countryside away from cities and buildings.
outdoors	verb	third-person singular simple present indicative of outdoor
tightly	adv	Curtly in a way that suggests anger or other intense emotion is being contained.	In a tight manner.
palace	noun	A large and lavishly ornate residence.	A large, ornate public building used for entertainment or exhibitions.	Official residence of a head of state or other dignitary, especially in a monarchical or imperial governmental system.
palace	verb	To decorate or ornate.
heal	verb	Alternative form of hele (“conceal”).	To become better or healthy again.	To make better from a disease, wound, etc.; to revive or cure.	To reconcile, as a breach or difference; to make whole; to free from guilt.
heal	noun	A spell or ability that restores hit points or removes a status ailment.	health
minority	noun	A Muslim.	A group of people seen as distinct who are subordinated and discriminated against in a society.	A member of an ethnic minority.	Any subgroup that does not form a numerical majority.	The state of being a minor; youth, the period of a person's life prior to reaching adulthood.
minority	adj	Empowered by or representing a minority (usually a plurality) of votes cast, legislative seats, etc., rather than an outright majority thereof.	Of or relating to a minority.
vitamin	noun	Any of a specific group of organic compounds essential in small quantities for healthy human growth, metabolism, development, and body function; found in minute amounts in plant and animal foods or sometimes produced synthetically; deficiencies of specific vitamins produce specific disorders.	preceding a word or its initial letter, to imply that the referent benefits health or wellness
vitamin	verb	To fortify with vitamins.
technical	adj	In the strictest sense, but not practically or meaningfully.	Of or related to technology.	Relating to the internal mechanics of a market rather than more basic factors.	Relating to, or requiring, technique.	Requiring advanced techniques for successful completion.	Specifically related to a particular discipline.	Technically minded; adept with science and technology.	difficult to understand for those not specialized in this discipline.
technical	noun	A pickup truck with a gun mounted on it.	A special move in certain fighting games that cancels out the effect of an opponent's attack.	Ellipsis of technical course.	Ellipsis of technical examination.	Ellipsis of technical foul.	Ellipsis of technical rehearsal.	Ellipsis of technical school.
lest	conj	For fear that; that not; in order to prevent something from happening; in case.	that (without the negative particle; introduces the reason for an emotion.)
possession	noun	A disposal of the ball during a game, i.e. a kick or a handball.	A syntactic relationship between two nouns or nominals that may be used to indicate ownership.	A territory under the rule of another country.	Control of the ball; the opportunity to be on the offensive.	Control or occupancy of something for which one does not necessarily have private property rights.	Ownership; taking, holding, keeping something as one's own.	Something that is owned.	The condition of being under the control of strong emotion or madness.	The condition or affliction of being possessed by a demon or other supernatural entity.
possession	verb	To invest with property.
indoors	adv	Inside, into, or within a building.
indoors	noun	The interior of a building; the space inside buildings generally.
altogether	adv	An intensifier: without doubt, clearly.	Completely, wholly, or without exception.	On the whole; with everything considered.	With everything included.
altogether	noun	A state of nakedness. (Especially in the phrase in the altogether)
historical	adj	About history; depicting persons or events from history.	Done in the manner of a historian: written as a development over time or in accordance with the historical method.	Former, erstwhile; (religious, obsolete) lapsed, nominal.	Forming compound adjectives with the meaning "historical/~" or "historically"	Of, concerning, or in accordance with recorded history, (particularly) as opposed to legends, myths, and fictions.	Of, concerning, or in accordance with the past generally.	Of, concerning, or in accordance with the scholarly discipline of history.	One of various tenses or moods used to tell about past events, historic (tense).	Set in the past.	Synonym of hereditary or evolutionary.	Synonym of historic: important or likely to be important to history and historians.
historical	noun	A historical romance.
strain	noun	A dimensionless measure of object deformation either referring to engineering strain or true strain.	A kind or sort (of person etc.).	A particular variety of a microbe, virus, or other organism, usually a taxonomically infraspecific one.	A violent effort; an excessive and hurtful exertion or tension, as of the muscles.	An injury resulting from violent effort; a sprain.	Any sustained note or movement; a song; a distinct portion of an ode or other poem; also, the pervading note, or burden, of a song, poem, etc.	Hereditary character, quality, tendency, or disposition.	Language that is eloquent, poetic, or otherwise heightened.	Race; lineage, pedigree.	The act of straining, or the state of being strained.	The blood-vessel in the yolk of an egg.	The track of a deer.	Treasure.
strain	verb	To act upon, in any way, so as to cause change of form or volume, as when bending a beam.	To apply a force or forces to by stretching out.	To beget, generate (of light), engender, copulate (both of animals and humans), lie with, be born, come into the world.	To damage by drawing, stretching, or the exertion of force.	To exert or struggle (to do something), especially to stretch (one's senses, faculties etc.) beyond what is normal or comfortable.	To hold tightly, to clasp.	To hug somebody; to hold somebody tightly.	To make uneasy or unnatural; to produce with apparent effort; to force; to constrain.	To percolate; to be filtered.	To separate solid from liquid by passing through a strainer or colander.	To stretch beyond its proper limit; to do violence to, in terms of intent or meaning.	To urge with importunity; to press.
glory	noun	An emanation of light supposed to shine from beings that are specially holy. It is represented in art by rays of gold, or the like, proceeding from the head or body, or by a disk, or a mere line.	An optical phenomenon, consisting of concentric rings and somewhat similar to a rainbow, caused by sunlight or moonlight interacting with the water droplets that compose mist or clouds, centered on the antisolar or antilunar point.	Great beauty and splendor.	Honour, admiration, or distinction, accorded by common consent to a person or thing; high reputation; renown.	Pride; boastfulness; arrogance.	Something glorious.	That quality in a person or thing which secures general praise or honour.	The manifestation of the presence of God as perceived by humans in Abrahamic religions.	Victory; success.	Worship or praise.
glory	verb	To boast; to be proud.	To exult with joy; to rejoice.	To shine radiantly.
keyboard	noun	A component of many instruments, including the piano, organ, and harpsichord, consisting of usually black and white keys that cause different tones to be produced when struck.	A set of keys laid out in a grid-like pattern, used for typing on a typewriter, computer etc.	An electronic device containing a keyboard (preceding sense), especially one that is capable of producing musical sounds when the keys are played.
keyboard	verb	To type on a computer keyboard.
abound	verb	To be copiously supplied.	To be full to overflowing; to bristle.	To be highly productive.	To be present or available in large numbers or quantities; to be plentiful.	To be wealthy.	To revel in.
channel	noun	A connection between initiating and terminating nodes of a circuit.	A distribution channel.	A gutter; a groove, as in a fluted column.	A means of delivering up-to-date Internet content via a push mechanism.	A narrow body of water between two land masses.	A particular area for conversations on an IRC or similar network, analogous to a chat room and often dedicated to a specific topic.	A path for conveying electrical or electromagnetic signals, usually distinguished from other parallel paths.	A psychic or medium who temporarily takes on the personality of somebody else.	A single path provided by a transmission medium via physical separation, such as by multipair cable.	A single path provided by a transmission medium via spectral or protocol separation, such as by frequency or time-division multiplexing.	A specific radio frequency or band of frequencies used for transmitting television.	A specific radio frequency or band of frequencies, usually in conjunction with a predetermined letter, number, or codeword, and allocated by international agreement.	A structural member with a cross section shaped like a squared-off letter C.	An ion channel: pore-forming proteins located in a cell membrane that allow specific ions to pass through.	Something through which another thing passes; a means of conveying or transmitting.	The hollow bed of running waters; (also) the bed of the sea or other body of water.	The narrow conducting portion of a MOSFET transistor.	The natural or man-made deeper course through a reef, bar, bay, or any shallow body of water.	The navigable part of a river.	The part of a turbine pump where the pressure is built up.	The part that connects a data source to a data sink.	The portion of a storage medium, such as a track or a band, that is accessible to a given reading or writing station or head.	The wale of a sailing ship which projects beyond the gunwale and to which the shrouds attach via the chains. One of the flat ledges of heavy plank bolted edgewise to the outside of a vessel, to increase the spread of the shrouds and carry them clear of the bulwarks.
channel	verb	To direct or guide along a desired course.	To follow as a model, especially in a performance.	To make or cut a channel or groove in.	To serve as a medium for.
reflection	noun	A representative manifestation or outcome of a condition, trend or trait.	Careful thought or consideration.	Something, such as an image, that is reflected.	The act of reflecting or the state of being reflected.	The folding of a part; a fold.	The process or mechanism of determining the capabilities of an object at run-time.	The property of a propagated wave being thrown back from a surface (such as a mirror).	Used to make an implied criticism.
route	noun	A course or way which is traveled or passed.	A path that has been secured by a railway signalling system for the passage of a train and locked to prevent any conflicting train movements from taking place.	A race longer than one mile.	A regular itinerary of stops, or the path followed between these stops, such as for delivery or passenger transportation.	A road or path; often specifically a highway.	A specific entry in a router that tells the router how to transmit the data it receives.	One of multiple methods or approaches to doing something.	One of the major provinces of imperial China from the Later Jin to the Song, corresponding to the Tang and early Yuan circuits.
route	verb	Eye dialect spelling of root.	To direct or divert along a particular course.	To send (information) through a router.	to connect two local area networks, thereby forming an internet.
blessing	noun	A group of unicorns.	A modern pagan ceremony.	A prayer before a meal; grace.	A pronouncement invoking divine aid.	Good fortune.	Some kind of divine or supernatural aid, or reward.	Something someone is glad of.	The act of declaring or bestowing favor; approval.
blessing	verb	present participle and gerund of bless
gently	adv	From a gentle or high-class family.	In a gentle manner; to a gentle degree.	In a manner characterized by gentleness	In the manner of one of gentle birth; in a manner that reflects the traditional virtues of the gentry: courteously, nobly.	Quietly: without much noise or motion.	Without strong force or quickness: softly, lightly.
humble	adj	Having a low opinion of oneself; not proud, arrogant, or assuming; modest.	Not pretentious or magnificent; unpretending; unassuming.
humble	noun	Alternative form of hummel.	An arrest based on weak evidence intended to demean or punish the subject.
humble	verb	Alternative form of hummel.	To defeat or reduce the power, independence, or pride of.	To hum.	To make humble or lowly; to make less proud or arrogant; to make meek and submissive.
talkative	adj	Speaking openly and honestly, neglecting privacy and consequences.	Tending to talk a lot.
semester	noun	A period or term of six months.	Half of a school year (US) or academic year such as autumn or spring semester.
bruise	verb	Of fruit or vegetables, to gain bruises through being handled roughly.	To become bruised.	To damage the skin of (fruit or vegetables), in an analogous way.	To fight with the fists; to box.	To harm or injure somebody's feelings or self-esteem.	To impair (gin) by shaking rather than stirring.	To strike (a person), originally with something flat or heavy, but now specifically in such a way as to discolour the skin without breaking it; to contuse.
bruise	noun	A dark mark on fruit or vegetables caused by a blow to the surface.	A purplish mark on the skin due to leakage of blood from capillaries under the surface that have been damaged by a blow.
beast	noun	A domestic animal, especially a bovine farm animal.	A monstrously unusual and dangerous animal.	A person who behaves in a violent, antisocial or uncivilized manner.	A sex offender.	A thing or matter, especially a difficult or unruly one.	All non-human animals seen as a group.	An animal, especially a large or dangerous land vertebrate.	Anything regarded as larger or more powerful than one of its normal size or strength.	Someone who is particularly impressive, especially athletically or physically.	Something unpleasant and difficult.
beast	verb	To engage in sexual intercourse with, particularly in an illicit context.	To impose arduous exercises, either as training or as punishment.
beast	adj	great; excellent; powerful
leaf	noun	A Canadian person.	A flat section used to extend the size of a table.	A foliage leaf or any of the many and often considerably different structures it can specialise into.	A moveable panel, e.g. of a bridge or door, originally one that hinged but now also applied to other forms of movement.	A particular value of the EAX register when a program runs the CPUID instruction; each leaf represents a different category of information returned about the processor.	A sheet of a book, magazine, etc. (consisting of two pages, one on each face of the leaf).	A sheet of any substance beaten or rolled until very thin.	Anything resembling the leaf of a plant.	Cannabis.	In a tree, a node that has no descendants.	One of the individual flat or curved strips of metal, typically made of spring steel, that make up a leaf spring.	One of the teeth of a pinion, especially when small.	Tea leaves.	The layer of fat supporting the kidneys of a pig, leaf fat.	The usually green and flat organ that represents the most prominent feature of most vegetative plants.
leaf	verb	To divide (a vegetable) into separate leaves.	To play a prank on someone by throwing a large clump or collection of leaves at them.	To produce leaves; put forth foliage.
lap	noun	A component that overlaps or covers any portion of itself or of an adjacent component.	A piece of brass, lead, or other soft metal, used to hold a cutting or polishing powder in cutting glass, gems, etc. or in polishing cutlery or in toolmaking. It is usually in the form of a wheel or disk that revolves on a vertical axis.	A place of rearing and fostering.	A sheet, layer, or bat, of cotton fiber prepared for the carding machine.	An edge; a border; a hem, as of cloth.	Clipping of laparoscopy.	Clipping of laparotomy	In card playing and other games, the points won in excess of the number necessary to complete a game;—so called when they are counted in the score of the following game.	Liquor; alcoholic drink.	One circuit around a race track.	That part of any substance or fixture which extends over, or lies upon, or by the side of, a part of another.	The act or process of lapping.	The amount by which a slide valve at its half stroke overlaps a port in the seat, being equal to the distance the valve must move from its mid stroke position in order to begin to open the port. Used alone, lap refers to outside lap (see below).	The female pudenda.	The loose part of a coat; the lower part of a garment that plays loosely; a skirt; an apron.	The part of the clothing that lies on the knees or thighs when one sits down; that part of the person thus covered.	The state or condition of being in part extended over or by the side of something else; or the extent of the overlapping.	The taking of liquid into the mouth with the tongue.	The traversal of one length of the pool, or (less commonly) one length and back again.	The upper legs of a seated person.
lap	verb	To be turned or folded; to lie partly on or over something; to overlap.	To cut or polish with a lap, as glass, gems, cutlery, etc.	To enfold; to hold as in one's lap; to cherish.	To fold; to bend and lay over or on something.	To overtake a straggler in a race by completing one more whole lap than the straggler.	To place or lay (one thing) so as to overlap another.	To polish (a surface, especially metal or gemstone) with very fine abrasive to achieve smoothness and small dimensional changes.	To rest or recline in someone's lap, or as in a lap.	To take (liquid) into the mouth with the tongue; to lick up with a quick motion of the tongue.	To wash against a surface with a splashing sound; to swash.	to envelop, enfold	to wind around	to wrap around, enwrap, wrap up
lap	adj	Clipping of laparoscopic.
reconsider	verb	To change one's mind, with or without actually considering the matter again	To consider a matter again.
skinny	adj	Having reduced fat or calories.	Naked; nude (chiefly used in the phrase skinny dipping).	Synonym of thin (“type of shot where the ball is struck by the bottom part of the club head”).	Thin, generally in a negative sense (as opposed to slim, which is thin in a positive sense).	Tight-fitting.
skinny	noun	A low-fat serving of coffee.	A skinny being.	A state of nakedness; nudity.	An obstacle for a horse to jump over, consisting of a narrow fence.	The details or facts; especially, those obtained by gossip or rumor.
skinny	verb	To reduce or cut down.
Sea	name	A hamlet in Ilminster parish, South Somerset district, Somerset, England (OS grid ref ST3413).	A surname.	Synonym of Mediterranean Sea.
server	noun	A community space where only those who joined it can communicate in channels.	A computer dedicated to running such programs.	A priest's attendant at the celebration of the Eucharist.	A program that provides services to other programs or devices, either in the same computer or over a computer network.	A spoon for serving food.	A tray for dishes.	A waitress or waiter.	One who serves.	The player who serves the ball.
24		
pear	noun	A desaturated chartreuse yellow colour, like that of a pear.	A type of fruit tree (Pyrus communis).	An edible fruit produced by the pear tree, similar to an apple but typically elongated towards the stem.	Choke pear (a torture device).	The wood of the pear tree (pearwood, pear wood).	avocado, alligator pear
biology	noun	A biographical history.	The living organisms of a particular region.	The structure, function, and behavior of an organism or type of organism.	The study of all life or living matter.
snore	verb	To breathe during sleep with harsh, snorting noises caused by vibration of the soft palate.
snore	noun	An extremely boring person or event.	The act of snoring, and the noise produced.
unnecessary	adj	Done in addition to requirements; unrequired.	Not needed or necessary.
network	noun	A computer network: multiple computers and other devices connected together to share information.	A fabric or structure of fibrous elements attached to each other at regular intervals; the act or process of making such an object.	A group of affiliated television stations that broadcast common programs from a parent company.	A set of people with sociocultural connections to one another; especially, such a set consisting of occupational or business connections.	Any interconnected group or system.
network	verb	To broadcast across an entire network of stations and affiliates at the same time.	To connect two or more computers or other computerized devices.	To interact socially for the purpose of getting connections or personal advancement.	To interconnect a group or system.
severely	adv	In a severe manner.
download	noun	A file that has been or is intended to be transferred in this way.	A file transfer to a given computer or device from a remote one through a network connection.
download	verb	Synonym of copy: to transfer data to or from removable media.	Synonym of install: to load software forced.	Synonym of upload: to send data from a given computer to a remote one.	To load a gun (especially a muzzle-loader) with less propellant than its designed load.	To transfer data to a given computer from a remote one via a network.	To transfer jurisdiction and responsibility of a government asset or service to a lower level of government.
grey	adj	British and Commonwealth standard spelling of gray.	Synonym of coloured (pertaining to the mixed race of black and white).
grey	verb	British and Commonwealth standard spelling of gray.
grey	noun	British and Commonwealth standard spelling of gray.
allowance	noun	A deduction from the gross weight of goods, such as to discount their container's weight or per a custom differing by country.	A permissible deviation in the fineness and weight of coins, owing to the difficulty in securing exact conformity to the standard prescribed by law.	A permitted reduction in the weight that a racehorse must carry.	A planned deviation between an exact dimension and a nominal or theoretical dimension.	Abatement; deduction; the taking into account of mitigating circumstances.	Acknowledgment.	An amount, portion, or share that is allotted or granted; a sum granted as a reimbursement, a bounty, or as appropriate for any purpose.	Approval; approbation.	License; indulgence.	Permission; granting, conceding, or admitting.	Such a sum or portion granted to a family member or familiar, especially one's own child; pocket money for such a person.
allowance	verb	To put upon a fixed allowance (especially of provisions and drink).	To supply in a fixed and limited quantity.
scheme	noun	A chart or diagram of a system or object.	A council housing estate.	A mathematical structure that generalizes the notion of an algebraic variety in several ways, such as taking account of multiplicities and allowing "varieties" defined over any commutative ring. Formally, a locally ringed space that admits a covering by open sets, each of which is isomorphic to an affine scheme (i.e. the spectrum of some commutative ring).	A plot or secret, devious plan.	A portfolio of pension plans with related benefits comprising multiple independent members.	A representation of the aspects of the celestial bodies for any moment or at a given event.	A systematic plan of future action.	An artful deviation from the ordinary arrangement of words.	An orderly combination of related parts.	Part of a uniform resource identifier indicating the protocol or other purpose, such as http: or news:.
scheme	verb	To plan; to contrive; to manuever.	To plot, or contrive a plan; to manuever.
refrain	verb	To abstain from (food or drink).	To hold back, to restrain (someone or something).	To repress (a desire, emotion etc.); to check or curb.	To show restraint; to hold oneself back.	To stop oneself from some action or interference; to abstain; to eschew
refrain	noun	A much repeated comment, complaint, or saying.	The chorus or burden of a song repeated at the end of each verse or stanza.
hatred	noun	Strong aversion; intense dislike.
emerge	verb	To become known.	To come into view.	To come out of a situation, object, or a liquid.
emerge	noun	Alternative spelling of emerg.
quantity	noun	A considerable measure or amount.	A fundamental, generic term used when referring to the measurement (count, amount) of a scalar, vector, number of items or to some other way of denominating the value of a collection or group of items.	A specific measured amount.	An indefinite amount of something.	Indicates that the entire preceding expression is henceforth considered a single object.	Length of sounds.	Property of a phenomenon, body, or substance, where the property has a magnitude that can be expressed as number and a reference.
processor	noun	A central processing unit.	A device which processes, which changes something (a computer processor, food processor, etc.).	A microprocessor.	A person or institution who processes things (foods, photos, applications, etc.).
rug	noun	A (usually thick) piece of fabric used for warmth (especially on a bed); a blanket.	A cloak or mantle made of such a frieze.	A cloth covering for a horse.	A dense growth of chest hair.	A dense layer of natural vegetation that precludes the growth of crops.	A kind of coarse, heavy frieze, formerly used for clothing.	A partial covering for a floor.	A person wearing a rug.	A rough, woolly, or shaggy dog.	A wig; a hairpiece.	Ellipsis of rughead.	The female pubic hair.
rug	verb	Clipping of rug pull	To cover with a rug.	To pull roughly or hastily; to plunder; to spoil; to tear.
gratitude	noun	The state of being grateful.
windy	adj	Accompanied by wind.	Empty and lacking substance.	Flatulent.	Having many bends; winding, twisting or tortuous.	Long-winded; orally verbose.	Nervous, frightened.	Unsheltered and open to the wind.
windy	noun	A fart.
overnight	adv	During or throughout the night, especially during the evening or night just past.	In a very short (but unspecified) amount of time.
overnight	adj	Complete before the next morning.	For which participants stay overnight.	Occurring between dusk and dawn.
overnight	verb	To send something for delivery the next day.	To stay overnight; to spend the night.
overnight	noun	An overnight stay, especially in a hotel or other lodging facility.	Items delivered or completed overnight.	The fore part of the previous night; yesterday evening.	Viewership ratings for a television show that are published the morning after it is broadcast, and may be revised later on.
shooting	verb	present participle and gerund of shoot
shooting	noun	a district in which people have the right to kill game with firearms	a sensation of darting pain	an instance of shooting with a gun or other weapon	filming	the act of one who, or that which, shoots	the sport or activity of firing a gun or other weapon
shooting	adj	Moving or growing quickly	Of a pain, sudden and darting
vague	adj	Lacking expression; vacant.	Not clearly defined, grasped, or understood; indistinct; slight.	Not clearly expressed; stated in indefinite terms.	Not clearly felt or sensed; somewhat subconscious.	Not having a precise meaning.	Not sharply outlined; hazy.	Not thinking or expressing one’s thoughts clearly or precisely.	Wandering; vagrant; vagabond.
vague	noun	A wandering; a vagary.	An indefinite expanse.
vague	verb	To become vague or act in a vague manner.	To make vague negative comments publicly; to make highly veiled complaints or insults.	to wander; to roam; to stray.
pirate	noun	A bird which practises kleptoparasitism.	A criminal who plunders at sea; commonly attacking merchant vessels, though often pillaging port towns.	A kind of marble in children's games.	An armed ship or vessel that sails for the purpose of plundering other vessels.	One who breaks intellectual property laws by reproducing protected works without permission.
pirate	verb	To appropriate by piracy; to plunder at sea.	To create and/or sell an unauthorized copy of.	To engage in piracy.	To entice an employee to switch from a competing company to one's own.	To knowingly obtain an unauthorized copy of.
pirate	adj	Illegally imitated or reproduced, said of a trademarked product or copyrighted work, or of the counterfeit itself.
tide	noun	A high-volume flow, literal or figurative; a current or flood.	A point or period of time identified or described by a qualifier.	A time.	Any similar gravitational effect on Earth or other body.	Something which changes like the tides of the sea.	The associated flow of water.	The daily fluctuation in the level of the sea caused by the gravitational influence of the moon and the sun.	The period of twelve hours.	The tendency or direction of causes, influences, or events; course; current.	Time, notably anniversary, period or season linked to an ecclesiastical feast.	Violent confluence.
tide	verb	To carry over or through a problem or difficulty.	To cause to float with the tide; to drive or carry with the tide or stream.	To happen, occur.	To pour a tide or flood.	To work into or out of a river or harbor by drifting with the tide and anchoring when it becomes adverse.
CD	noun	Abbreviation of Crohn's disease.	Abbreviation of certificate of deposit.	Abbreviation of cooldown.	An album; a collection of musical recordings (or, occasionally, other audio such as spoken word).	Initialism of chart datum.	Initialism of circular dichroism.	Initialism of cluster of differentiation.	Initialism of collision detection.	Initialism of compact disc; a disc once commonly used to store data, and especially for the distribution of music and software.	Initialism of continuous delivery/deployment.	Initialism of controlled drug.	Initialism of corporate design, specific design features of a company, corporate identity CI.	Initialism of corps diplomatique, the diplomatic corps of a particular country.	Initialism of creative director, head of the creative department (for example of an advertising agency).	Initialism of cross-dresser.	Initialism of cross-dressing.
CD	verb	Initialism of cross-dress.
dishonest	adj	Dishonourable; shameful; indecent; unchaste; lewd.	Dishonoured; disgraced; disfigured.	Interfering with honesty.	Not honest; shoddy.
attic	noun	A person's head or brain.	The space, often unfinished and with sloped walls, directly below the roof in the uppermost part of a house or other building, generally used for storage or habitation.
luckily	adv	In a lucky manner; by good fortune; fortunately.
marathon	noun	A 42.195-kilometre (26-mile-385-yard) road race.	Any extended or sustained activity.
marathon	verb	To run a marathon.	To watch or read a large number of instalments of (a film, book, TV series, etc.) in one sitting.
ingredient	noun	A necessary element to achieve a certain goal; a component.	One of the substances present in a mixture, especially food.
construct	noun	A concept or model.	A segment of nucleic acid, created artificially, for transplantation into a target cell or tissue.	Something constructed from parts.
construct	verb	To build (a sentence, an argument, etc.) by arranging words or ideas.	To build or form (something) by assembling parts.	To draw (a geometric figure) by following precise specifications and using geometric tools and techniques.
advertise	verb	In gin rummy, to discard a card of one's preferred suit so as to mislead the opponent into thinking you do not want it.	To give (especially public) notice of (something); to announce publicly.	To notify (someone) of something; to call someone's attention to something.	To provide information about a person or goods and services to influence others.	To provide public information about (a product, service etc.) in order to attract public awareness and increase sales.
Norway	name	A census-designated place in White County, Indiana.	A country in Scandinavia in Northern Europe. Official name: Kingdom of Norway.	A rural unincorporated community in Republic County, Kansas.	A settlement in Prince Edward Island, Canada.	A small city in Benton County, Iowa.	A small city in Dickinson County, Michigan.	A small town in Herkimer County, New York.	A small town in Orangeburg County, South Carolina.	A town in Oxford County, Maine.	A town in Racine County, Wisconsin.	An unincorporated community in LaSalle County, Illinois.	An unincorporated community in Thomas County, Nebraska.	The former name of a neighbourhood in Toronto, Ontario, Canada, now Upper Beaches.
Norway	noun	Ellipsis of Norway rat.
waist	noun	A part of a piece of clothing that covers the waist.	That part of the upper deck of a ship between the quarterdeck and the forecastle.	The middle part of anything.	The middle portion of the hull of a ship or the fuselage of an aircraft.	The narrow connection between the thorax and abdomen in certain insects (e.g., bees, ants and wasps).	The part of the body between the pelvis and the stomach.
tank	noun	A Bombay weight of 72 grains, for pearls.	A bouncer or doorman.	A closed container for liquids or gases.	A metaphorical place where a player goes to contemplate a decision; see in the tank.	A pond, pool, or small lake (either natural or artificial).	A prison cell, or prison generally.	A reservoir or dam.	A small Indian dry measure, averaging 240 grains in weight.	A structure of tightly overlapping leaves used by some bromeliads to retain water.	A unit or character designed primarily around damage absorption and holding the attention of the enemy (as opposed to dealing damage, healing, or other tasks).	A very muscular and physically imposing person; somebody who is built like a tank.	An armoured fighting vehicle, armed with a gun designed for direct fire, and moving on caterpillar tracks.	An open container or pool for storing water or other liquids.	Ellipsis of tank engine or tank locomotive.	Ellipsis of tank top.	The amount held by a container; a tankful.	The fuel reservoir of a vehicle.
tank	verb	To attract the attacks of an enemy target in cooperative team-based combat, so that one's teammates can defeat the enemy in question more efficiently.	To contemplate a decision for a long time; to go in the tank.	To deliberately lose a sports match with the intent of gaining a perceived future competitive advantage.	To fail or fall (often used in describing the economy or the stock market); to degenerate or decline rapidly; to plummet.	To put (fuel, etc.) into a tank.	To resist damage; to be attacked without being hurt.	To stand; to tolerate.	To willingly take on an undesirable task or burden.
carbon	noun	A carbon copy.	A carbon rod or pencil used in an arc lamp.	A fossil fuel that is made of impure carbon such as coal or charcoal.	A plate or piece of carbon used as one of the elements of a voltaic battery.	A sheet of carbon paper.	An atom of this element, in reference to a molecule containing it.	Ellipsis of carbon dioxide.	Ellipsis of carbon fiber (reinforced polymer).	Especially, hardened soot as a caked-on deposit.	Soot.	The chemical element (symbol C) with an atomic number of 6. It can be found in pure form for example as graphite, a black, shiny and very soft material, or diamond, a colourless, transparent, crystalline solid and the hardest known material.
carbon	verb	To send a carbon copy of an email message to.
shove	verb	To make an all-in bet.	To move off or along by an act of pushing, as with an oar or pole used in a boat; sometimes with off.	To pass (counterfeit money).	To push, especially roughly or with force.	To put hurriedly	simple past of shave
shove	noun	A forward movement of packed river-ice.	A rough push.	An all-in bet.
stable	noun	A building, wing or dependency set apart and adapted for lodging and feeding (and training) ungulates, especially horses.	A coherent or consistent set of things (typically abstract) available or presented; array.	A group of people who are looked after, mentored, or trained in one place or for a particular purpose or profession.	A group of prostitutes managed by one pimp.	A group of wrestlers who support each other within a wrestling storyline.	A set of advocates; a barristers' chambers.	All the racehorses of a particular stable, i.e. belonging to a given owner.	An organization of sumo wrestlers who live and train together.
stable	verb	To dwell in a stable.	To park (a rail vehicle).	To put or keep (an animal) in a stable.
stable	adj	Eventually satisfying the identity IM_n=M_n+1.	Of software: established to be relatively free of bugs, as opposed to a beta version.	Relatively unchanging, steady, permanent; firmly fixed or established; consistent; not easily moved, altered, or destroyed.	That maintains the relative order of items that compare as equal.
brick	noun	A carton of 500 rimfire cartridges, which forms the approximate size and shape of a brick.	A community card (usually the turn or the river) which does not improve a player's hand.	A hardened rectangular block of mud, clay etc., used for building.	A helpful and reliable person.	A kilogram of cocaine.	A power brick; an external power supply consisting of a small box with an integral male plug and an attached cord terminating in another plug.	A projectile.	A shot which misses, particularly one which bounces directly out of the basket because of a too-flat trajectory, as if the ball were a heavier object.	A trans woman who does not pass.	An electronic device, especially a heavy box-shaped one, that has become non-functional or obsolete.	Something shaped like a brick.	Such hardened mud, clay, etc. considered collectively, as a building material.	The colour brick red.
brick	verb	Of an electronic device, to become non-functional, especially in a way beyond repair, as a result of software or configuration issues.	To blunder; to screw up.	To build, line, or form with bricks.	To hit someone or something with a brick.	To make (an electronic device) non-functional and usually beyond repair, as a result of software or configuration issues.	To make into bricks.
brick	adj	Extremely cold.
alright	adj	Alternative form of all right; satisfactory; okay; in acceptable order.
alright	adv	Alternative form of all right.
alright	intj	A generic greeting; hello; how are you.	Used to indicate acknowledgement or acceptance; OK.
women	noun	Misspelling of woman.	plural of woman
Cookie	name	An endearing or condescending nickname.
annoyed	verb	simple past and past participle of annoy
annoyed	adj	Troubled, irritated by something unwanted or unliked (an annoyance); vexed.
priority	noun	A goal of a person or an organisation.	A superior claim to use by virtue of being validly published at an earlier date.	An item's relative importance.	Precedence; superior rank.	Right of way; The right to pass (an intersection) before other road users.	The quality of being earlier or coming first compared to another thing; the state of being prior.
breed	verb	To arrange the mating of (specific animals).	To be formed in the parent or dam; to be generated or to grow, like young before birth.	To educate; to instruct; to bring up.	To ejaculate inside (a person or a bodily orifice of same); to creampie.	To give birth to; to be the native place of.	To have birth; to be produced, developed, or multiplied.	To keep (animals) and have (them) reproduce in a way that improves the next generation's qualities.	To mate.	To produce offspring sexually; to bear young.	To produce or obtain by any natural process.	To propagate or grow (plants) in an effort to give (them) certain qualities.	To take care of in infancy and through childhood; to bring up.	To yield or result in.
breed	noun	A group of people with shared characteristics.	A race or lineage; offspring or issue.	All animals or plants of the same species or subspecies.	Ellipsis of half-breed.
mow	verb	To cut down grass or crops.	To cut down or slaughter in great numbers.	To make grimaces, mock.	To put into mows.
mow	noun	A scornful grimace; a wry face.	A shot played with a sweeping or scythe-like motion.	A stack of hay, corn, beans or a barn for the storage of hay, corn, beans.	Alternative form of mew (a seagull)	The act of mowing (a garden, grass, etc.).	The place in a barn where hay or grain in the sheaf is stowed.
60		
waiting	verb	present participle and gerund of wait
waiting	noun	Attendance, service.	The act of staying or remaining in expectation.	Watching, observation; keeping watch, guarding.
executive	adj	Designed or fitted for execution, or carrying into effect.	Exclusive.	Of, pertaining to, or having responsibility for the day-to-day running of an organisation, business, country, etc.
executive	noun	A chief officer or administrator, especially one who can make significant decisions on their own authority.	A process that coordinates and governs the action of other processes or threads; supervisor.	The branch of government that is responsible for enforcing laws and judicial decisions, and for the day-to-day administration of the state.
proportion	noun	A quantity of something that is part of the whole amount or number.	A statement of equality between two ratios.	Harmonious relation of parts to each other or to the whole.	Proper or equal share.	Size.	The "rule of three", in which three terms are given to find a fourth.	The relation of one part to another or to the whole with respect to magnitude, quantity, or degree.
proportion	verb	To correspond to.	To divide into proper shares; to apportion.	To form symmetrically.	To set or render in proportion.
restrain	verb	To control or keep in check.	To deprive of liberty.	To restrict or limit.	To strain again.
Green	name	A census-designated place in Douglas County, Oregon.	A city in Summit County, Ohio, formerly a township.	A common English surname from Middle English.	A minor city in Clay County, Kansas.	A number of places in the United States:	A number of townships in the United States, listed under Green Township.	An unincorporated community in Elliott County, Kentucky.	Ellipsis of Green College, Oxford.
Green	adj	Of, or pertaining, to a Green Party or green party.
Green	noun	A member of a Green Party or green party.
richer	adj	comparative form of rich: more rich.
astonished	adj	Amazed; surprised.
astonished	verb	simple past and past participle of astonish
cottage	noun	A meeting place for homosexual men.	A public lavatory.	A seasonal home of any size or stature, a recreational home or a home in a remote location.	A small house.
cottage	verb	To have homosexual sex in a public lavatory; to practice cottaging.	To stay at a seasonal home, to go cottaging.
ditch	noun	A raised bank of earth and the hedgerow on top.	A trench; a long, shallow indentation, as for irrigation or drainage.	Alternative form of deech.
ditch	verb	Alternative form of deech.	To deliberately crash-land an airplane on water.	To deliberately not attend classes; to play hookey.	To dig ditches around.	To dig ditches.	To discard or abandon.	To throw into a ditch.
shouting	noun	An instance of loud or highly audible acclamation, clamor, crying or uproar.
shouting	verb	present participle and gerund of shout
grip	verb	Of an emotion or situation: to have a strong effect upon.	To figuratively take hold of or grasp.	To firmly hold the attention of.	To take hold (of), particularly with the hand.	To trench; to drain.
grip	noun	A channel cut through a grass verge, especially for the purpose of draining water away from the highway.	A device, or a portion of one, that grasps or holds fast to something.	A hold or way of holding, particularly with the hand.	A long time.	A lot of something.	A medium-sized bag or holdall for one's belongings, made of soft leather, canvas etc., and carried in the hand by two handles, one either side of the opening.	A person responsible for handling equipment on the set.	A place to grip; a handle; the portion of a handle that the hand occupies.	A small ditch or trench; a channel to carry off water or other liquid; a drain.	A small travelling-bag or gripsack.	A visual component on a window etc. enabling it to be resized and/or moved by dragging with a mouse or finger.	Ability to resist slippage when pressed in contact with another object or surface.	An apparatus attached to a car (e.g., cable car, funicular car, mine car) for clutching a traction cable.	Archaic spelling of grippe (“influenza”).	As much as one can hold in a hand; a handful.	Assistance; help; encouragement.	Control, power, or mastery over someone or something; a tenacious grasp; a holding fast.	Mental grasp.	Someone who is helpful, interesting, admirable, or inspiring.
stroke	noun	A beat or throb, as of the heart or pulse.	A bow or pluck of a string or strings of a stringed instrument; also, the manner in which a musical instrument is played; hence, a melody, a tune.	A damaging occurrence, especially if sudden; a blow, a calamity.	A distinctive expression in a written composition; a touch.	A flattering or friendly act, comment, etc., done or made to a person to influence them.	A gesture of assurance given as encouragement; specifically (psychoanalysis) in transactional analysis: a (generally positive) reaction expressed to a person which fulfils their desires or needs.	A line making up a written character.	A masterful or effective action.	A movement of the arms and legs which propels a swimmer through the water; a specific combination of such movements, constituting a swimming style.	A movement similar to that of hitting.	A point awarded to a player in case of interference or obstruction by the opponent.	A powerful or sudden effort by which something is done or produced; also, something accomplished by such an effort; an achievement, a feat.	A single act of striking at the ball with a club; also, at matchplay, a shot deducted from a player's score at a hole as a result of a handicapping system.	A single movement of a paintbrush, chisel, pen, pencil, or similar implement; a line or mark made by such an implement.	A single movement or thrust of a reciprocating device (such as a piston or connecting rod); the length of this movement.	A single movement with a tool; also, an impact of a tool on an object.	A sudden attack of any illness, especially if causing loss of consciousness or movement, or when fatal.	A sudden interruption of blood supply to the brain, causing minor to major brain damage and possible death.	A thrust of the penis during sexual intercourse.	An act causing hurt or death, especially when seen as divine punishment.	An act of hitting or trying to hit a ball; also, the manner in which this is done.	An act of hitting; a blow, a hit.	An act of moving one's hand or an object along a surface in one direction, touching it lightly; a caress.	An act of striking with a weapon; a blow.	An amount of work; specifically, a large amount of business or work.	An individual discharge of lightning, particularly if causing damage.	An individual social interaction whereby one gives another attention or recognition.	Backstage influence.	Chiefly in to have a good stroke: appetite.	In Unicode: the formal name of the individual horizontal strikethroughs (as in "A̶").	Influence; power.	One of a series of beats or movements against a resisting medium, by means of which movement through or upon it is accomplished.	The action of hitting the ball with the bat; a shot.	The effect or result of a striking; affliction or injury; a bruise or wound; soreness.	The hitting of a ball with a racket; also, the movement of the racket and arm that produces that impact.	The hitting of a bell or similar by the clapper or hammer of a clock; the sound thereof; the time when this occurs.	The movement of an oar or paddle through water: either the cycle of movement as a whole, or the propelling phase (as opposed to the return); the manner in which such movements are made; a rowing style.	The oblique, slash, or virgule ("/").	The rower nearest the stern of the boat, the movement of whose oar sets the rhythm for the other rowers; the position in the boat occupied by this rower.
stroke	verb	Chiefly followed by out: to suffer loss of brain function when the blood supply to the brain is suddenly interrupted; to have a stroke (noun sense 4).	Followed by out or through: to draw a line or lines through (text) to indicate that it is deleted; to cancel, to strike or strike out.	Of a bell or clock: to chime or sound to indicate (the hour, the time, etc.).	Of a rower or a crew: to row at (a rate of a certain number of strokes (“movements of the oar through water”) per minute).	To act as the stroke (“rower who is nearest the stern of the boat, the movement of whose oar sets the rowing rhythm for the other rowers”) of (a boat or its crew).	To bring (something) to a certain condition by stroking (sense 1).	To depict (something) with a paintbrush.	To draw the horizontal line across the upright part (of the letter t).	To give a finely fluted surface to (stone) by carving it with a tool.	To give assurance to (someone) through encouragement.	To hit or kick (the ball) with a flowing or smooth motion; also, to score (a goal, a point, etc.) by doing so.	To influence (someone) by convincing or flattering them.	To mark (something) with lines or stripes; to stripe.	To masturbate with a penis.	To milk (a cow or other animal); especially, to squeeze the teat of (a cow, etc.) to extract the last bit of milk from the udder; to strap (dialectal), to strip.	To move one's hand or an object (such as a broom or brush) along (a surface) in one direction, touching it lightly; to caress.	To sharpen (a knife or other cutting instrument) by honing or rubbing it against a surface.	To soothe (someone); also, to flatter or indulge (someone).	To strike (the water) with one's arms and legs when swimming.	To swim by making co-ordinated movements with the arms and legs.
sacred	adj	Characterized by solemn religious ceremony or religious use, especially, in a positive sense; consecrated, made holy.	Consecrated; dedicated; devoted	Designated or exalted by a divine sanction; possessing the highest title to obedience, honor, reverence, or veneration; entitled to extreme reverence; venerable.	Not to be profaned or violated; inviolable.	Religious; relating to religion, or to the services of religion; not secular	Solemnly devoted, in a bad sense, as to evil, vengeance, curse, or the like; accursed; baleful.	Spiritual; concerned with metaphysics.
sacred	verb	simple past and past participle of sacre
fulfill	verb	To emotionally or artistically satisfy; to develop one's gifts to the fullest.	To fill full; fill to the utmost capacity; fill up.	To obey, follow, comply with (a rule, requirement etc.).	To package, distribute, or ship goods.	To satisfy, carry out, bring to completion (an obligation, a requirement, etc.).
crane	noun	A forked post or projecting bracket to support spars, etc.; generally used in pairs.	A mechanical lifting machine or device, often used for lifting heavy loads for industrial or construction purposes.	A siphon, or bent pipe, for drawing liquors out of a cask.	Alternative form of cran (“measure of herrings”).	An iron arm with horizontal motion, attached to the side or back of a fireplace for supporting kettles etc. over the fire.	Any bird of the family Gruidae, large birds with long legs and a long neck which is extended during flight.	Ardea herodias, the great blue heron.	The cranium.
crane	verb	To extend (one's neck).	To pull up before a jump.	To raise or lower with, or as if with, a crane.
cycle	noun	A chain whose boundary is zero.	A closed walk or path, with or without repeated vertices allowed.	A complete rotation of anything.	A discharge of a taser.	A pedal-powered vehicle, such as a unicycle, bicycle, or tricycle, or a motorized vehicle that has either two or three wheels.	A process that returns to its beginning and then repeats itself in the same sequence.	A programme on a washing machine, dishwasher, or other such device.	A scheduled period of time of weeks or months wherein a performance-enhancing substance or, by extension, supplement is applied, to be followed by another one where it is not or the dosage is lower.	A series of poems, songs or other works of art, typically longer than a trilogy.	A single, a double, a triple, and a home run hit by the same player in the same game.	An age; a long period of time.	An imaginary circle or orbit in the heavens; one of the celestial spheres.	An interval of space or time in which one set of events or phenomena is completed.	An orderly list for a given time; a calendar.	One entire round in a circle or a spire.	One take-off and landing of an aircraft, referring to a pressurisation cycle which places stresses on the fuselage.	The members of the sequence formed by such a process.
cycle	verb	To go through a cycle or to put through a cycle.	To maintain a team's possession of the puck in the offensive zone by handling and passing the puck in a loop from the boards near the goal up the side boards and passing to back to the boards near the goal	To ride a bicycle or other cycle.	To turn power off and back on
mineral	noun	A mine or mineral deposit.	A poisonous or dangerous substance.	A soft drink, particularly a single serve bottle or can.	Any inorganic element that is essential to nutrition.	Any inorganic material (as distinguished from animal or vegetable).	Any naturally occurring material that has a (more or less) definite chemical composition and characteristic physical properties; especially, an inorganic one.	Mineral water.
mineral	adj	of, related to, or containing minerals
constitution	noun	A document issued by a religious authority serving to promulgate some particular church laws or doctrines.	A legal document describing such a formal system.	A person's physical makeup or temperament, especially in respect of robustness.	The act, or process of setting something up, or establishing something; the composition or structure of such a thing; its makeup.	The formal or informal system of primary principles and laws that regulates a government or other institutions.	The general health of a person.
announcement	noun	An act of announcing, or giving notice.	That which conveys what is announced.	The content which is announced.
atomic	adj	Containing a single change, as opposed to involving numerous unrelated changes.	Employing or relating to nuclear energy or processes.	Guaranteed to complete either fully or not at all while waiting in a pause, and running synchronously when called by multiple asynchronous threads.	Infinitesimally small.	Lacking logical operators; unable to be made simpler in logical form.	Of or relating to atoms; composed of atoms; monatomic.	Such that for every element b>0 there exists an atom a such that b≥a>0.	Unable to be split or made any smaller.	Very strong and overpowering.
atomic	noun	An atomic operation.
penalty	noun	A direct free kick from the penalty spot, taken after a defensive foul in the penalty box; a penalty kick.	A disadvantageous consequence of a previous event.	A legal sentence.	A payment forfeited for an early withdrawal from an account or an investment.	A punishment for an infraction of the rules, often in the form of being removed from play for a specified amount of time.	A punishment for violating rules of procedure.	In sports
oxygen	noun	A condition or environment in which something can thrive.	A mixture of oxygen and other gases, administered to a patient to help them breathe.	An atom of this element.	Molecular oxygen (O₂), a colorless, odorless gas at room temperature, also called dioxygen.	The chemical element (symbol O) with an atomic number of 8 and relative atomic mass of 15.9994. It is a colorless and odorless gas.
costume	noun	A set of clothes appropriate for a particular occasion or season.	A style of dress, including garments, accessories and hairstyle, especially as characteristic of a particular country, period or people.	A swimming costume.	An outfit or a disguise worn as fancy dress etc.
costume	verb	To dress or adorn with a costume or appropriate garb.
gear	noun	A configuration of the transmission of a motor car so as to achieve a particular ratio of engine to axle torque.	A particular combination or choice of interlocking gears, such that a particular gear ratio is achieved; often selected via a shifter.	A wheel, wheel segment, or bar with grooves (teeth) engraved on the outer circumference, such that two such devices can interlock and convey motion from one to the other.	Anything worthless; nonsense; rubbish.	Business matters; affairs; concern.	Clothing; garments.	Ellipsis of landing gear.	Equipment or paraphernalia, especially that used for an athletic endeavor.	Goods; property; household items.	Recreational drugs, including steroids.	Stuff.
gear	verb	To be in gear, come into gear.	To borrow money in order to invest it in assets.	To design or devise (something) so as to be suitable (for a particular type of person or a particular purpose).	To dress; to put gear on; to harness.	To provide with gearing; to fit with gears in order to achieve a desired gear ratio.
gear	adj	great or fantastic
feather	noun	A branching, hair-like structure that grows on the bodies of birds, used for flight, swimming, protection and display.	A faint edge.	A junction indicator attached to a colour-light signal at an angle, which lights up, typically with four white lights in a row, when a diverging route is set up.	A longitudinal strip projecting from an object to strengthen it, or to enter a channel in another object and thereby prevent displacement sideways or rotationally but permit motion lengthwise.	Anything petty or trifling; a whit or jot.	Kind; nature; species (from the proverbial phrase "birds of a feather").	Long hair on the lower legs of a dog or horse, especially a draft horse, notably the Clydesdale breed. Narrowly only the rear hair.	One of the fins or wings on the shaft of an arrow.	One of the two shims of the three-piece stone-splitting tool known as plug and feather or plug and feathers; the feathers are placed in a borehole and then a wedge is driven between them, causing the stone to split.	Partridges and pheasants, as opposed to rabbits and hares (called fur).	The angular adjustment of an oar or paddle-wheel float, with reference to a horizontal axis, as it leaves or enters the water.
feather	verb	Of written or printed ink: to take on a blurry appearance as a result of spreading through the receiving medium.	To accidentally touch the cue ball with the tip of the cue when taking aim.	To adorn, as if with feathers; to fringe.	To arrange in the manner or appearance of feathers.	To cover or furnish with feathers; (when of an arrow) to fletch.	To enrich; to exalt; to benefit.	To finely shave or bevel an edge.	To intergrade or blend the pixels of an image with those of a background or neighboring image.	To move softly, like a feather.	To move the cue back and forth along the bridge in preparation for striking the cue ball.	To render light as a feather; to give wings to.	To rotate the oars while they are out of the water to reduce wind resistance.	To streamline the blades of an aircraft's propeller by rotating them perpendicular to the axis of the propeller when the engine is shut down so that the propeller does not windmill during flight.	To touch lightly, like (or as if with) a feather.	To tread, as a cockerel.
upper	adj	At a higher level, rank or position.	Of or pertaining to a secondary school.	Situated on higher ground, further inland, or more northerly.	Younger, more recent.
upper	noun	A denture or retainer for the teeth in the upper jaw.	A senior student.	A spiritual passageway through which consciousness can reach a higher dimension.	A stimulant, such as amphetamine, that increases energy and decreases appetite.	A tooth in the upper jaw.	An upper berth or bunk.	Anything that cheers one up.	Someone with higher social standing	That which is higher, contrasted with the lower.	The Y-shaped strap on flip-flops.	The piece of leather, etc., that forms the top part of a shoe above the sole.	The upper portion of something
Cup	name	A particular trophy that is a cup; sometimes with the definite article "the".
Cup	noun	A win of a championship that is awarded a cup.	A win of an event comprising part of the championship, which is awarded a cup
11	noun	A cricket team of eleven players.	A football team of eleven players.	A number off the charts of a hypothetical scale of 1 to 10.	A very high level of intensity.	An exceptional specimen, (particularly) a physically attractive person.
helmet	noun	A contemptible or stupid person.	A hard, protective head covering, typically part of armour.	A naked shield or protuberance on the top or fore part of the head of a bird.	Such a helm when placed above a shield on a coat of arms.	That which resembles a helmet in form, position, etc.	The glans penis.	The hood-shaped upper sepal or petal of some flowers, as of the monkshood or the snapdragon.	The upper part of a chemist's retort.
helmet	verb	To cover with, or as if with, a helmet.
commercial	noun	A commercial trader, as opposed to an individual speculator.	A commercial traveller.	A male prostitute.	An advertisement in a common media format, usually radio or television.
commercial	adj	Designating an airport that serves passenger and/or cargo flights.	Designating such an airplane flight.	Of or pertaining to commerce.
curry	noun	A person of South Asian heritage.	A spiced sauce or relish, especially one flavored with curry powder.	Curry powder.	Obsolete form of quarry.	One of a family of dishes originating from Indian cuisine, flavored by a spiced sauce.	Someone who begs for an invite for private trackers on /ptg/(private tracker general) of 4chan.
curry	verb	To beat, thrash; to drub.	To cook or season with curry powder.	To cover (a distance); (of a projectile) to traverse (its range).	To dress (leather) after it is tanned by beating, rubbing, scraping and colouring.	To groom (a horse); to dress or rub down a horse with a curry comb.	To hurry.	To perform currying upon.	To scurry; to ride or run hastily	To try to win or gain (favour) by flattering.
delighted	adj	Filled with wonder and delight.	Greatly pleased.
delighted	verb	simple past and past participle of delight
backwards	adj	Synonym of backward; see usage notes there.
backwards	adv	Synonym of backward; see usage notes there.
graduation	noun	A commencement ceremony.	A marking (e.g., on a container) indicating a measurement on a scale, usually one of many such markings.	The action or process of graduating and receiving a diploma for completing a course of study (such as from an educational institution).	The action or process of leaving a group.	The exposure of a liquid in large surfaces to the air, so as to hasten its evaporation.
pearl	noun	A capsule of gelatin or similar substance containing liquid for e.g. medicinal application.	A fish allied to the turbot; the brill.	A fringe or border.	A jewel or gem.	A light-colored tern.	A shelly concretion, usually rounded, and having a brilliant luster, with varying tints, found in the mantle, or between the mantle and shell, of certain bivalve mollusks, especially in the pearl oysters and river mussels, and sometimes in certain univalves. It is usually due to a secretion of shelly substance around some irritating foreign particle. Its substance is the same as nacre, or mother-of-pearl. Round lustrous pearls are used in jewellery.	A valuable little nugget of information; especially, an aphorism or tip that is operationally useful for decision-making.	A whitish speck or film on the eye.	Argent, in blazoning by precious stones.	Ellipsis of pearl tapioca.	Nacre, or mother-of-pearl.	One of the circle of tubercles which form the bur on a deer's antler.	Something precious.	The clitoris.	The size of type between diamond and agate, standardized as 5-point.
pearl	verb	Of aquatic plants: to produce visible bubbles on the stems and leaves during photosynthesis, usually in a simulated environment like an aquarium.	Of the nose of the surfboard: to sink in this manner.	To bead; to form a droplet.	To cause to resemble pearls in lustre or iridescence.	To cause to resemble pearls in shape; to make into small round grains.	To hunt for pearls	To resemble pearl or pearls.	To set or adorn with pearls, or with mother-of-pearl.	To sink the nose of one's surfboard into the water, often on takeoff.	To use an Ender Pearl.
elsewhere	adv	Synonym of somewhere else: in, at, or to some other place.
elsewhere	noun	Synonym of somewhere else: a place other than here.
fighting	adj	Apt to provoke a fight.	Engaged in war or other conflict.
fighting	verb	present participle and gerund of fight
fighting	noun	A fight or battle; an occasion on which people fight	The act or process of contending; violence or conflict.
Nation	name	A surname.
cane	noun	A lance or dart made of cane	A length of colored and/or patterned glass rod, used in the specific glassblowing technique called caneworking	A local European measure of length; the canna.	A long rod often collapsible and commonly white (for visibility to other persons), used by vision impaired persons for guidance in determining their course and for probing for obstacles in their path	A plant with simple stems, like bamboo or sugar cane, or the stem thereof	A rod-shaped tool or device, resembling the stem of the plant.	A short rod or stick, traditionally of wood or bamboo, used for corporal punishment.	A strong short staff used for support or decoration during walking; a walking stick	Corporal punishment by beating with a cane.	Maize or, rarely, sorghum, when such plants are processed to make molasses (treacle) or sugar	Split rattan, as used in wickerwork and basketry.	Sugar cane	The plant itself, including many species in the grass family Gramineae; a reed	The slender, flexible main stem of a plant such as bamboo, including many species in the grass family Gramineae	The stem of such a plant adapted for use as a tool
cane	verb	To destroy; to comprehensively defeat.	To do something well, in a competent fashion.	To go very fast.	To make or furnish with cane or rattan.	To produce extreme pain.	To strike or beat with a cane or similar implement.
champagne	noun	(An ordinary occupying) the base of the shield, either flat-topped (like the chief at the top of the shield) or curved (as in a mount or trimount).	A glass of champagne.	A sparkling white wine made from a blend of grapes, especially Chardonnay and pinot, produced in Champagne, France, by the méthode champenoise.	A very pale brownish-gold colour, similar to that of champagne.	Any sparkling white wine.	Any sparkling wine made by the méthode champenoise.
champagne	adj	Alternative form of champaine.	Of a very pale brownish-gold colour, similar to that of champagne.
champagne	verb	To drink champagne.	To ply or treat with champagne.
medication	noun	A medicine, or all the medicines regularly taken by a patient.	The administration of medicine.
eternity	noun	A comparatively long time.	A period of time which extends infinitely far into the future.	Existence outside of time.	Existence without end, infinite time.	The remainder of time that elapses after death.
inquire	verb	To ask (about something).	To call; to name.	To make an inquiry or an investigation.
Computer		
dignity	noun	Decorum, formality, stateliness.	Fundamental principle; axiom; maxim.	High office, rank, or station.	One holding high rank; a dignitary.	The state of being dignified or worthy of esteem: elevation of mind or character.
Catholic	adj	Alternative letter-case form of catholic.	Of the Roman Catholic church in particular.	Of the Western Christian church, as differentiated from e.g. the Orthodox church.
Catholic	noun	A member of a Catholic church.
verge	noun	A circumference; a circle; a ring.	A rod or staff of office, e.g. of a verger.	An edge or border.	An extreme limit beyond which something specific will happen.	An old measure of land: a virgate or yardland.	The eaves or edge of the roof that projects over the gable of a roof.	The external male organ of certain mollusks, worms, etc.	The grassy area between the footpath and the street; a tree lawn; a grassed strip running alongside either side of an outback road.	The phallus.	The shaft of a column, or a small ornamental shaft.	The spindle of a watch balance, especially one with pallets, as in the old vertical escapement.	The stick or wand with which persons were formerly admitted tenants, by holding it in the hand and swearing fealty to the lord. Such tenants were called tenants by the verge.
verge	verb	To be or come very close; to border; to approach.	To bend or incline; to tend downward; to slope.
scar	noun	A bare rocky place on the side of a hill or mountain.	A cliff or rock outcrop.	A marine food fish, the scarus or parrotfish (family Scaridae).	A permanent mark on the skin, sometimes caused by the healing of a wound.	A permanent negative effect on someone's mind, caused by a traumatic experience.	A rock in the sea breaking out from the surface of the water.	Any permanent mark resulting from damage.
scar	verb	To affect deeply in a traumatic manner.	To form a scar.	To mark the skin permanently.
flesh	noun	A yellowish pink color; the color of some Caucasian human skin.	Animal tissue regarded as food; meat (but sometimes excluding fish).	Bare arms, bare legs, bare torso.	Kindred; stock; race.	Tenderness of feeling; gentleness.	The evil and corrupting principle working in man.	The human body as a physical entity.	The mortal body of a human being, contrasted with the spirit or soul.	The skin of a human or animal.	The soft tissue of the body, especially muscle and fat.	The soft, often edible, parts of fruits or vegetables.
flesh	verb	To bury (something, especially a weapon) in flesh.	To glut.	To inure or habituate someone in or to a given practice.	To put flesh on; to fatten.	To remove the flesh from the skin during the making of leather.	To reward (a hound, bird of prey etc.) with flesh of the animal killed, to excite it for further hunting; to train (an animal) to have an appetite for flesh.
destiny	noun	One's eventual fate (not necessarily inevitable or predestined).	That to which any person or thing is destined; a predetermined state; a condition predestined by the Divine or by human will.	That which is inevitable in the fullness of time.	The fixed order of things; invincible necessity; an irresistible power or agency conceived of as determining the future, whether in general or of an individual.
avail	verb	To be of service to.	To be of use or advantage; to answer or serve the purpose; to have strength, force, or efficacy sufficient to accomplish the object.	To promote; to assist.	To provide; to make available; to use or take advantage of (an opportunity or available resource).	To turn to the advantage of.
avail	noun	A press avail.	A readily available stock of oil.	An advertising slot or package.	Benefit; value, profit; advantage toward success.	Effect in achieving a goal or aim; purpose, use (now usually in negative constructions).	Effort; striving.	Non-binding notice of availability for work.	Proceeds; profits from business transactions.
avail	adj	Clipping of available.
3000		
stupidity	noun	An act that is stupid.	The property of being stupid.
misery	noun	A bodily ache or pain.	Cause of misery; calamity; misfortune.	Great unhappiness; extreme pain of body or mind; wretchedness; distress; woe.	greed; avarice.	poverty.
railway	noun	A track, consisting of parallel rails, over which wheeled vehicles such as trains may travel.	A transport system using rails used to move passengers or goods.
visible	adj	Able to be seen.
drain	noun	A conduit allowing liquid to flow out of an otherwise contained volume; a plughole (UK)	A drink.	A natural or artificial watercourse which drains a tract of land.	An access point or conduit for rainwater that drains directly downstream in a (drainage) basin without going through sewers or water treatment in order to prevent or belay floods.	An act of urination.	An outhole.	One terminal of a field effect transistor (FET).	Something consuming resources and providing nothing in return.
drain	verb	To cause liquid to flow out of.	To convert a perennially wet place into a dry one.	To deplete of energy or resources.	To draw off by degrees; to cause to flow gradually out or off; hence, to exhaust.	To drink.	To fall off the bottom of the playfield.	To filter.	To flow gradually.	To lose liquid.	To make a shot.
Yokohama	name	A town in Aomori Prefecture, Japan.	The capital city of Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan, near Tokyo.
joint	adj	Done by two or more people or organisations working together.
joint	noun	A cut of meat, especially (but not necessarily) (a) one containing a joint in the sense of an articulation or (b) one rolled up and tied.	A fracture in which the strata are not offset; a geologic joint.	A marijuana cigarette.	A place of business, particularly in the food service or hospitality industries; sometimes extended to any place that is a focus of human connection or activity (e.g., schools, hangouts, party spots).	A place of resort for tramps.	A syringe used to inject an illicit drug.	A thing.	An opium den.	Any part of an animalian body where two bones or exoskeleton segments are abutted, in most cases allowing that part of the body to be bent or straightened.	Prison, jail, or lockup.	The means of securing together the meeting surfaces of components of a structure.	The part or space included between two joints, knots, nodes, or articulations.	The penis.	The point where two components of a structure join rigidly.	The point where two components of a structure join, but are still able to rotate.
joint	verb	To fit as if by joints; to coalesce as joints do.	To join; to connect; to unite; to combine.	To provide with a joint or joints; to articulate.	To separate the joints; of; to divide at the joint or joints; to disjoint; to cut up into joints, as meat.	To unite by a joint or joints; to fit together; to prepare so as to fit together
leap	verb	To cause to leap.	To copulate with (a female beast)	To copulate with (a human)	To jump.	To pass over by a leap or jump.
leap	noun	A fault.	A group of leopards.	A large step in reasoning, often one that is not justified by the facts.	A passing from one note to another by an interval, especially by a long one, or by one including several other intermediate intervals.	A significant move forward.	A small cataract over which fish attempt to jump; a salmon ladder.	A trap or snare for fish, made from twigs; a weely.	Copulation with, or coverture of, a female beast.	Half a bushel.	The act of leaping or jumping.	The distance traversed by a leap or jump.
leap	adj	Intercalary, bissextile.
vampire	noun	A blood-sucking bat; vampire bat (Desmodus rotundus)	A medical technician who works with patients' blood; especially, a phlebotomist.	A mythological creature (usually humanoid and undead) said to feed on the blood or life energy of the living.	A person who drains one's time, energy, money, etc.	A person with habits traditionally ascribed to (literal) vampires, such as heliophobia, being a night owl, having pale skin, and so on.	A person with the medical condition porphyria cutanea tarda, colloquially known as vampirism, with effects such as photosensitivity and brownish-red stained teeth.	A vamp: a seductive woman who exploits men.	Synonym of anti-ship missile (ASM), particularly an incoming hostile one.
vampire	verb	To drain of energy or resources.
glow	verb	To be related to or part of an (chiefly online) undercover sting operation, especially by American federal agencies.	To display intense emotion.	To emit light as if heated.	To feel hot; to have a burning sensation, as of the skin, from friction, exercise, etc.; to burn.	To gaze especially passionately at something.	To make hot; to flush.	To radiate thermal heat.	To shine brightly and steadily.	to create a threatening online post that may involve violence, and look suspicious enough to attract a police investigation.	to expose someone to the authorities.
glow	noun	The brilliance or warmth of color in an environment or on a person (especially one's face).	The condition of being passionate or having warm feelings.	The light given off by a glowing object.
ripe	adj	Advanced to the state of fitness for use; mellow.	Having attained its full development; mature; perfected.	Intoxicated.	Like ripened fruit in ruddiness and plumpness.	Maturated or suppurated; ready to discharge. (said of sores, tumors, etc.)	Of a conflict between parties, having developed to a stage where the conflict may be reviewed by a court of law.	Ready for action or effect; prepared.	Ready for reaping or gathering; having attained perfection; mature.	Ready, willing, eager.	Rife	Smelly: having a disagreeable odor.
ripe	noun	A fruit or vegetable which has ripened.	The bank of a river.
ripe	verb	To ripen or mature	To search; to rummage.
attorney	noun	A lawyer; one who advises or represents others in legal matters as a profession.	A prosecutor.	A solicitor.	An agent or representative authorized to act on someone else's behalf in accordance with that person's instructions.	An honorific given to lawyers and notaries public, or those holders by profession who also do other jobs. Usually capitalized or abbreviated as Atty.	Clusia spp.	One such who practised in the courts of the common law.
attorney	verb	To provide with a legal attorney.	To work as a legal attorney.
fascinate	verb	To be irresistibly charming or attractive to.	To evoke an intense interest or attraction in someone.	To make someone hold motionless; to spellbind.
utter	adj	Further out than another thing; being the exterior or outer part of something; outer, outward; also, extremely remote.	Of a substance: pure, unmixed.	Of decisions, replies, etc.: made in an unconditional or unqualified manner; decisive, definite.	Preceding all others; original.	Succeeding all others; final, last, ultimate.	To the furthest or most extreme extent; absolute, complete, total, unconditional.
utter	noun	The thing which is most utter (adjective sense) or extreme.
utter	verb	Of a thing: to produce (a noise or sound); to emit.	Of goods: to be purchased; to sell.	Of words, etc.: to be spoken.	Senses relating to expressing sounds, etc., or disclosing something	Senses relating to issuing something.	Sometimes preceded by forth, out, etc.: to produce (a cry, speech, or other sounds) with the voice.	To announce that (something) is available for sale; to cry.	To discharge or send out (something); to eject, to emit.	To disclose or reveal (something secret or unknown); to bring to light.	To disclose or reveal the identity or nature of (oneself or someone, or something).	To display or show (itself or something).	To distribute or issue (something) from, or as if from, a stock of items.	To express (oneself) in speech or writing.	To offer (something, such as goods) for barter or sale; also, to sell (something); to vend.	To pass off (something fake) as a genuine item.	To publish (something).	To put (currency or other valuable items) into circulation; specifically, to pass off (counterfeit currency, etc.) as legal tender; to use (a forged cheque) as if genuine.	To speak.	To supply (something); to furnish, to provide.	To verbally express or report (a desire or emotion, an idea or thought, etc.).
utter	adv	Further apart, away, or out; outside, without.	To an extreme extent; altogether, quite.
seventy	num	The cardinal number occurring after sixty-nine and before seventy-one, represented in Roman numerals as LXX and in Arabic numerals as 70.
resolution	noun	A firm decision or an official decision.	A formal statement adopted by an assembly, or during any other formal meeting.	A statement of intent, a vow.	A strong will; the state of being resolute.	An exact sequence of modules (or, objects in the same category as M) either terminating in M or such that M is the homology at degree zero. See Resolution (algebra).	In a pathological process, the phase during which pathogens and damaged tissues are removed by macrophages.	Progression from dissonance to consonance; a chord to which such progression is made.	The act of discerning detail.	The act or process of resolving: solving.	The degree of fineness of such a separation.	The degree of fineness with which an image can be recorded or produced, often expressed as the number of pixels per unit of length (typically an inch).	The moment in which the conflict ends and the outcome of the action is clear.	The number of pixels in an image being stored or displayed.	The process of determining the meaning of a symbol or address; the process of executing a link to it.	The separation of the constituent parts (of a spectrum etc).
practically	adv	Almost completely; almost entirely.	In a way that is practical: feasibly; unchallengingly.	In practice; in effect or in actuality, though possibly not officially, technically, or legally.	With respect to practices or a practice.
Age		
indifferent	adj	Ambivalent; unconcerned; uninterested, apathetic.	Being in the state of neutral equilibrium.	Having no preference.	Indicating or reflecting a lack of concern or care.	Mediocre (usually used negatively in modern usage).	Not different, matching.	Not making a difference; without significance or importance.	Unbiased, impartial, judging fairly.
indifferent	noun	A person who is indifferent or apathetic.
indifferent	adv	To some extent, in some degree (intermediate between very and not at all); moderately, tolerably, fairly.	Without distinction or preference for some over others.
tournament	noun	A digraph obtained by assigning a direction to each edge in an undirected complete graph.	A series of games; either the same game played many times, or a succession of games related by a single theme; played competitively to determine a single winning team or individual.	During the Middle Ages, a series of battles and other contests designed to prepare knights for war.
pronunciation	noun	The act of pronouncing or uttering a vocable.	The formal or informal way in which a word is made to sound when spoken.	The way in which the words of a language are made to sound when speaking.
fortunately	adv	In a fortunate manner.	It is (or was, etc) fortunate that.
antique	adj	Belonging to former times, not modern, out of date, old-fashioned.	Designating a style of type.	Embossed without gilt.	Fantastic, odd, wild, antic.	Having existed in ancient times, descended from antiquity; used especially in reference to Greece and Rome.	Synonym of antic, specifically	Synonym of antic, specifically:	Synonym of old (“of color: subdued, as if faded over time”).
antique	noun	A man of ancient times.	A performer in an antic; or in general, a burlesque performer, a buffoon.	A style of type of thick and bold face in which all lines are of equal or nearly equal thickness.	An object of ancient times.	An old object perceived as having value because of its aesthetic or historical significance.	An old person.	Grotesque entertainment; an antic.	In general, anything very old; specifically:	Synonym of antic, specifically:	The style or manner of ancient times, used especially of Greek and Roman art.
antique	verb	To emboss without gilding.	To make (an object) appear to be an antique in some way.	To search or shop for antiques.
Ocean	name	A female given name from English, of modern usage.	A township in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States, which originally extended to the ocean.	A township in Ocean County, New Jersey.	The deity Oceanus.
sixteen	num	The cardinal number occurring after fifteen and before seventeen, represented in Arabic numerals as 16 and in Roman numerals as XVI.
symptom	noun	A perceived change in some function, sensation or appearance of a person that indicates a disease or disorder, such as fever, headache or rash; strictly, a symptom is felt or experienced by the patient, while a sign can be detected by an observer.	A signal; anything that indicates, or is characteristic of, the presence of something else, especially of something undesirable.
Yumi	name	A female given name from Japanese.
bond	noun	A bail bond.	A binding agreement, a covenant.	A document constituting evidence of a long-term debt, by which the bond issuer (the borrower) is obliged to pay interest when due, and repay the principal at maturity, as specified on the face of the bond certificate. The rights of the holder are specified in the bond indenture, which contains the legal terms and conditions under which the bond was issued. Bonds are available in two forms: registered bonds, and bearer bonds.	A documentary obligation to pay a sum or to perform a contract; a debenture.	A heavy copper wire or rod connecting adjacent rails of an electric railway track when used as a part of the electric circuit.	A link or force between neighbouring atoms in a molecule.	A mortgage.	A partial payment made to show a provider that the customer is sincere about buying a product or a service. If the product or service is not purchased the customer then forfeits the bond.	A peasant; churl.	A physical connection which binds, a band.	A vassal; serf; one held in bondage to a superior.	An emotional link, connection or union; that which holds two or more people together, as in a friendship; a tie.	Any constraining or cementing force or material.	Bond paper.	In building, a specific pattern of bricklaying, based on overlapping rows or layers to give strength.	Moral or political duty or obligation.	The state of being stored in a bonded warehouse
bond	verb	To bail out by means of a bail bond.	To cause to adhere (one material with another).	To connect, secure or tie with a bond; to bind.	To form a chemical compound with.	To form a friendship or emotional connection.	To guarantee or secure a financial risk.	To lay bricks in a specific pattern.	To make a reliable electrical connection between two conductors (or any pieces of metal that may potentially become conductors).	To put in a bonded warehouse; to secure (goods) until the associated duties are paid.
bond	adj	In a state of servitude or slavedom; not free.	Servile; slavish; pertaining to or befitting a slave.	Subject to the tenure called bondage.
Fred	name	A short version of Frederick, Alfred, or Wilfred, also used as a formal male given name.	The Lockheed C-5 Galaxy, a military transport aircraft widely used by USAF aircrews.
Fred	noun	A novice cyclist.
popularity	noun	Public sentiment; general passion.	Something which obtains, or is intended to obtain, the favor of the vulgar; claptrap.	The act of courting the favour of the people.	The quality or state of being adapted or pleasing to common, poor, or vulgar people	The quality or state of being popular; especially, the state of being widely liked or in favor with the people at large.	cheapness; inferiority; vulgarity.
thee	pron	Objective and reflexive case of thou.	Thou.
thee	verb	To address (a person) using the pronoun thee.	To thrive; prosper.	To use the word thee.
thee	noun	The letter ⟨(⟩, which stands for the th sound /ð/ in Pitman shorthand.
thee	article	Alternative spelling of the.
panda	noun	A brahmin who acts as the hereditary superintendent of a particular ghat or temple, and is regarded as knowledgeable in matters of genealogy and ritual.	Ellipsis of giant panda (“Ailuropoda melanoleuca”).	Ellipsis of panda car (“a black-and-white police car”).	The red panda (Ailurus fulgens), a small raccoon-like animal of northeast Asia with reddish fur and a long, ringed tail.
Norwegian	noun	A kind of fishing boat on the Great Lakes of North America.	A native of Norway.	The language of Norway, which has two official forms (written standards): Bokmål and Nynorsk.
Norwegian	adj	Of or pertaining to Norway (the country).	Of or pertaining to the Norwegian language.	Of or pertaining to the Norwegian people.
handbag	noun	A small bag carried in the hand, used either when travelling or to carry tools for a specific job.	A small bag used chiefly by women for carrying various small personal items, sometimes considered as a fashion accessory.	Ellipsis of handbag house.
handbag	verb	To attack verbally or subject to criticism (typically used of a woman).
masterpiece	noun	A piece of work that has been given much critical praise, especially one that is considered the greatest work of a person's career.	A work created in order to qualify as a master craftsman and member of a guild.	A work of outstanding creativity, skill or workmanship.
rack	noun	A bar with teeth on its face or edge, to work with a pawl as a ratchet allowing movement in one direction only, used for example in a handbrake or crossbow.	A bar with teeth on its face or edge, to work with those of a gearwheel, pinion, or worm, which is to drive or be driven by it.	A bone of a horse.	A bunk.	A climber's set of equipment for setting up protection and belays, consisting of runners, slings, carabiners, nuts, Friends, etc.	A cranequin, a mechanism including a rack, pinion and pawl, providing both mechanical advantage and a ratchet, used to bend and cock a crossbow.	A cut of meat involving several adjacent ribs.	A device, incorporating a ratchet, used to torture victims by stretching them beyond their natural limits.	A distaff.	A fast amble.	A friction device for abseiling, consisting of a frame with five or more metal bars, around which the rope is threaded.	A grate on which bacon is laid.	A hollow triangle used for aligning the balls at the start of a game.	A piece or frame of wood, having several sheaves, through which the running rigging passes.	A plastic tray used for holding and moving chips.	A series of one or more shelves, stacked one above the other	A set of antlers (as on deer, moose or elk).	A set with a distributive binary operation whose result is unique.	A thousand dollars, especially if the proceeds are from a crime.	A woman's breasts.	A wreck; destruction.	A young rabbit, or its skin.	Alternative form of arak.	Any of various kinds of frame for holding luggage or other objects on a vehicle or vessel.	Sleep.	Thin, flying, broken clouds, or any portion of floating vapour in the sky.
rack	verb	To (manually) load (a round of ammunition) from the magazine or belt into firing position in an automatic or semiautomatic firearm.	To alternately concatenate two words to magical effect.	To amble fast, causing a rocking or swaying motion of the body; to pace.	To bind together, as two ropes, with cross turns of yarn, marline, etc.	To cause (someone) to suffer pain.	To clarify, and thereby deter further fermentation of, beer, wine or cider by draining or siphoning it from the dregs.	To drive; move; go forward rapidly; stir.	To fly, as vapour or broken clouds.	To move the slide bar on a shotgun in order to chamber the next round.	To place in or hang on a rack.	To put the balls into the triangular rack and set them in place on the table.	To shoplift (especially in a megastore), often by taking off of a rack.	To stretch or strain; to harass, or oppress by extortion.	To strike in the testicles.	To take that which belongs to another, without regard of right or permission.	To tend to shear a structure (that is, force it to bend, lean, or move in different directions at different points).	To torture (someone) on the rack.	To wash (metals, ore, etc.) on a rack.
purple	noun	A cardinalate.	A colour between red and blue; violet, though often closer to magenta.	Any non-spectral colour on the line of purples on a colour chromaticity diagram or a colour wheel between violet and red.	Any of the species of large butterflies, usually marked with purple or blue, of the genus Basilarchia (formerly Limenitis).	Any of various species of mollusks from which Tyrian purple dye was obtained, especially the common dog whelk.	Cloth, or a garment, dyed a purple colour; especially, a purple robe, worn as an emblem of rank or authority; specifically, the purple robe or mantle worn by Ancient Roman emperors as the emblem of imperial dignity.	Earcockle, a disease of wheat.	Ellipsis of purple drank.	Imperial power.	Purpura.	Synonym of snakebite and black.	The purple haze cultivar of cannabis in the kush family, either pure or mixed with others, or by extension any variety of smoked marijuana.
purple	adj	Blood-red; bloody.	Completed in the fastest time so far in a given session.	Extravagantly ornate, like purple prose.	Imperial; regal.	Mixed between social democrats and liberals.	Not predominantly red or blue, but having a mixture of Democrat and Republican support.	Of a purple hue.
purple	verb	To clothe in purple.	To dye purple.	To pursue the opposite gender in inappropriate circumstances, usually of adolescents. (From the metaphor of mixing blue [boys] and pink [girls].)	To turn purple in colour.
orphan	noun	A person, especially a minor, both or (rarely) one of whose parents have died.	A person, especially a minor, whose parents have permanently abandoned them.	A single line of type, beginning a paragraph, at the bottom of a column or page.	A young animal with no mother.	Any unreferenced object.	Anything that is unsupported, as by its source, provider or caretaker, by reason of the supporter's demise or decision to abandon.
orphan	adj	Deprived of parents (also orphaned).	Remaining after the removal of some form of support.
orphan	verb	To deprive of parents (used almost exclusively in the passive)	To make unavailable, as by removing the last remaining pointer or reference to.
ton	noun	100 points.	100 pounds sterling.	100 runs.	A speed of 100 mph.	A unit of thermal power equal to 12,000 BTU/h (about 3.5 kW), approximating the idealized rate of cooling provided by uniform isothermal melting of 1 short ton of ice per day at 0°C.	Any large, excessive, or overwhelming amount of anything.	Any of various units of mass, originally notionally equal to the contents of a tun	Any of various units of volume, originally notionally equal to the contents of a tun	Fashion, the current style, the vogue.	Fashionable society; those in style.	Synonym of hundred, particularly	Synonym of tunny, particularly the common tunny or horse mackerel.	The long ton of 2240 pounds (about 1016 kg), 20 hundredweights of 112 pounds avoirdupois each.	The measurement ton of (US) 40 or (UK) 42 cubic feet (about 1.1 or 1.2 m³).	The metric ton of 1000 kilograms, 10 quintals of 100 kilograms each.	The register ton of 100 cubic feet (about 2.83 m³).	The short ton of 2000 pounds (about 907 kg), 20 hundredweights of 100 pounds avoirdupois each.
circus	noun	A code name for bomber attacks with fighter escorts in the day time. The attacks were against short-range targets with the intention of occupying enemy fighters and keeping their fighter units in the area concerned.	A round open space in a town or city where multiple streets meet.	A spectacle; a noisy fuss; a chaotic and/or crowded place.	A traveling company of performers that may include acrobats, clowns, trained animals, and other novelty acts, that gives shows usually in a circular tent.	Circuit; space; enclosure.	In the ancient Roman Empire, a building for chariot racing.
circus	verb	To take part in a circus; or to be displayed as if in a circus
conditioner	noun	An agricultural machine that crimps and crushes newly cut hay to promote faster and more even drying.	Anything that improves the condition of something.	Fabric conditioner, fabric softener.	Hair conditioner.	Someone who trains athletes or racehorses.
wholl		
uncertain	adj	Fitful or unsteady.	Not certain; unsure.	Not known for certain; questionable.	Not yet determined; undecided.	Unpredictable or capricious.	Variable and subject to change.
uncertain	noun	Something uncertain.
Christianity	name	An Abrahamic religion originating from the community of the followers of Jesus Christ.	Christendom, the Christian world	Protestantism (in contrast to Catholicism)
neat	adj	Clean, tidy; free from dirt or impurities.	Conditions with a liquid reagent or gas performed with no standard solvent or cosolvent.	Facile; missing complexity or details in the favor of convenience or simplicity.	Free from contaminants; unadulterated, undiluted. Particularly of liquor and cocktails; see usage below.	Good, excellent, desirable; interesting; cool.	Having a simple elegance or style; clean, trim, tidy, tasteful.	Obsolete form of net (“remaining after expenses or deductions”).	Well-executed or delivered; clever, skillful, precise.	With all deductions or allowances made; net.
neat	intj	Used to signify a job well done.	Used to signify approval.
neat	noun	A bull or cow.	An artificial intelligence researcher who believes that solutions should be elegant, clear and provably correct. Compare scruffy.	Cattle collectively.
unemployed	adj	Having no job despite being able and willing to work.	Having no use, not doing work
jerk	noun	A dance, popular in Western culture in the 1960s, in which the head and upper body is thrown forwards regularly to the beat of the music.	A lift in which the weight is taken with a quick motion from shoulder height to a position above the head with arms fully extended and held there for a brief time.	A person with unlikable or obnoxious qualities and behavior, typically mean, self-centered, or disagreeable.	A quick pull on something.	A rich, spicy Jamaican marinade.	A soda jerk.	A stupid person; an idiot or fool.	A sudden, often uncontrolled movement, especially of the human body.	An act of satirizing behavior that is, to an extent, common in a community, especially in circlejerk subreddits.	Masturbation.	Meat (or sometimes vegetables) cured by jerking, in which it is coated in spices and slow-cooked over a fire or grill traditionally composed of green pimento wood positioned over burning coals; charqui.	The rate of change in acceleration with respect to time.
jerk	verb	To beat, to hit.	To cure (meat) by cutting it into strips and drying it, originally in the sun.	To flout with contempt.	To give a quick, often unpleasant tug or shake.	To lift using a jerk.	To make a sudden uncontrolled movement.	To masturbate.	To satirize behavior that is, to an extent, common in a community, especially in circlejerk subreddits.	To throw with a quick and suddenly arrested motion of the hand.
Ukraine	name	A country in Eastern Europe, bordering on the north shore of the Black Sea. Capital and largest city: Kyiv.
merry	adj	Brisk	Causing laughter, mirth, gladness, or delight.	Festive and full of fun and laughter.	Jolly and full of high spirits; happy.	drunk; tipsy
merry	noun	An English wild cherry.
David	name	A barangay of Mangaldan, Pangasinan, Philippines.	A barangay of San Jose, Tarlac, Philippines.	A city, the capital of Chiriquí province, Panama.	A female given name, often combined with a feminine middle name (e.g. David Ann).	A former unincorporated community in Mitchell County, Iowa, United States.	A male given name from Hebrew.	A place name:	A surname originating as a patronymic common in Wales, in honor of the ancient Saint David of Wales.	An unincorporated community and coal town in Floyd County, Kentucky, United States.	The second king of Judah and Israel, the successor of King Saul in the Hebrew Bible; the son of Jesse and the father of Nathan and King Solomon.
David	noun	A person or group considered unlikely to prevail; an underdog.
convict	verb	To convince, persuade; to cause (someone) to believe in (something).	To find guilty, as a result of legal proceedings, or (informal) in a moral sense.
convict	noun	A common name for the sheepshead (Archosargus probatocephalus), owing to its black and gray stripes.	A person convicted of a crime by a judicial body.	A person deported to a penal colony.	The convict cichlid (Amatitlania nigrofasciata), also known as the zebra cichlid, a popular aquarium fish, with stripes that resemble a prison uniform.
Winter	name	A placename	A small town and village in Sawyer County, Wisconsin, United States.	A surname from the Germanic languages.	A unisex given name.	An unincorporated community in Putnam County, West Virginia, United States.	An unincorporated community in Senlac Rural Municipality No. 411, Saskatchewan, Canada.	The personification of winter, wintertime.
Winter	noun	Alternative letter-case form of winter.
territory	noun	A geographic area that a person or organization is responsible for in the course of work.	A geographic area under control of a single governing entity such as state or municipality; an area whose borders are determined by the scope of political power rather than solely by natural features such as rivers and ridges.	A large extent or tract of land; for example a region, country or district.	A location or logical space which someone owns or controls.	A market segment or scope of professional practice over which an organization or type of practitioner has exclusive rights.	An area of subject matter, knowledge, or experience.	An area that an animal of a particular species consistently defends against its conspecifics.	One of three of Australia's federal entities, located in the country's north and southeast, with fewer powers than a state and created by an act of Parliament rather than by the Constitution: Northern Territory, Australian Capital Territory and Jervis Bay Territory.	One of three of Canada's federal entities, located in the country's Arctic, with fewer powers than a province and created by an act of Parliament rather than by the Constitution: Yukon, Northwest Territories, and Nunavut.	The part of the playing field or board over which a player or team has control.
manufacture	noun	A watch manufacturer that makes its own parts, rather than assembling watches from parts obtained from other firms.	Anything made, formed or produced; product.	The action or process of making goods systematically or on a large scale.	The process of such production; generation, creation.
manufacture	verb	To fabricate; to create false evidence to support a point.	To make things, usually on a large scale, with tools and either physical labor or machinery.	To work (raw or partly wrought materials) into suitable forms for use.
revise	verb	To look at again, to reflect on.	To look over again (something previously written or learned), especially in preparation for an examination.	To review, alter and amend, especially of written material.
revise	noun	A review or a revision.	A second proof sheet; a proof sheet taken after the first or a subsequent correction.
representative	adj	Representing, showing a likeness.	Typical; having the same properties or interest as a larger group.
representative	noun	A company agent who visits potential purchasers; a salesman.	A consistent choice of element from an equivalence class, used to identify it.	A delegate.	A member of a particular class.	A substitute or analogue.	An heir.	One who speaks for or acts on behalf of another in a particular (especially official) capacity.	Someone who represents others as a member of a legislative or governing body.	Something (especially a living organism) regarded as typical of its class; a type.	Something representing or standing for another; a symbol, an embodiment.	Something standing for something else.	Specifically, a member of the United States House of Representatives.
standing	verb	present participle and gerund of stand
standing	adj	Erect, not cut down.	Not movable; fixed.	Not transitory; not liable to fade or vanish; lasting.	Performed from an erect position.	Remaining in force or status.	Stagnant; not moving or flowing.
standing	noun	Duration.	Position or reputation in society or a profession.	Room in which to park a vehicle or vehicles	The act of a person who stands, or a place where someone stands.	The location on a street where a market trader habitually operates.	The position of a team in a league or of a player in a list.	The right of a party to bring a legal action, based on the relationship between that party and the matter to which the action relates.
rainbow	noun	A curveball, particularly a slow one.	A multicoloured arch in the sky, produced by prismatic refraction of light within droplets of rain in the air.	A person within the LGBT community.	A trick in which the player makes the ball arc over the opponent's head using both feet; rainbow kick	A wide assortment; a varied multitude.	An illusion; a mirage.	Any prismatic refraction of light showing a spectrum of colours.	In Texas hold 'em or Omaha hold 'em, a flop that contains three different suits.	Rainbow trout.
rainbow	adj	Composed entirely of different suits.	LGBT.	Made up of several races or ethnicities, or (more broadly) of several cultural or ideological factions.	Multicolored, especially if in rainbow order.	Of or pertaining to rainbow tables.
rainbow	verb	In climbing gyms where the rocks to climb are colored to indicate suggested climbing routes, to climb rocks of different colors, thereby ignoring such routes.	To brighten with, or as with, a rainbow; to pattern with the colours of the rainbow.	To take the appearance of a rainbow.
beggar	noun	A mean or wretched person; a scoundrel.	A minced oath for bugger.	A person suffering from extreme poverty.	A person who begs.
beggar	verb	To exhaust the resources of; to outdo or go beyond.	To make a beggar of someone; impoverish.
reception	noun	A reaction; the treatment received on first talking to a person, arriving at a place, etc.	A social engagement, usually to formally welcome someone.	Reading viewed as the active process of receiving a text in any medium (written, spoken, signed, multimodal, nonverbal), consisting of several steps, such as ideation, comprehension, reconstruction, interpretation.	The act of catching a pass.	The act of receiving.	The act or ability to receive radio or similar signals.	The conscious adoption or transplantation of legal phenomena from a different culture.	The desk of a hotel or office where guests are received.	The school year, or part thereof, between preschool and Year 1, when children are introduced to formal education.
poorly	adv	In a negative manner; with disapproval; unfavorably.	In a poor manner or condition; without plenty, or sufficiency, or suitable provision for comfort.	Meanly; without spirit.	With little or no success; indifferently; with little profit or advantage.	Without skill or merit.
poorly	adj	Ill, unwell, sick.
trifle	noun	A particular kind of pewter.	A very small amount (of something).	An English dessert made from a mixture of thick custard, fruit, sponge cake, jelly and whipped cream.	An insignificant amount of money.	Anything that is of little importance or worth.	Utensils made from this particular kind of pewter.
trifle	verb	To act, speak, or otherwise behave with jest.	To deal with something as if it were of little importance or worth.	To inconsequentially toy with something.	To make a trifle of, to make trivial.	To squander or waste.
whip	noun	A blow administered with a whip.	A coach driver; a coachman.	A document distributed weekly to MPs by party whips informing them of upcoming votes in parliament.	A lash; a pliant, flexible instrument, such as a rod (commonly of cane or rattan) or a plaited or braided rope or thong (commonly of leather) used to create a sharp "crack" sound for directing or herding animals.	A member of a political party who is in charge of enforcing the party's policies in votes.	A mode of personal motorized transportation; an automobile, all makes and models including motorcycles, excluding public transportation.	A move in which one player transfers momentum to another.	A purchase in which one block is used to gain a 2:1 mechanical advantage.	A spring in certain electrical devices for making a circuit	A whipper-in.	A whipping motion; a thrashing about.	A wippen, a rocking component in certain piano actions.	Any of various pieces that operate with a quick vibratory motion	The quality of being whiplike or flexible; suppleness, as of the shaft of a golf club.	The regular status of an MP within a parliamentary party, which can be revoked by the party as a disciplinary measure.	The same instrument used to strike a person or animal for corporal punishment or torture.	Whipped cream.
whip	verb	To bind the end of a rope with twine or other small stuff to prevent its unlaying: fraying or unravelling.	To defeat, as in a contest or game.	To enforce a member voting in accordance with party policy.	To fish a body of water especially by making repeated casts.	To hit with a whip.	To hit with any flexible object.	To hoist or purchase by means of a whip.	To lash with sarcasm, abuse, etc.	To mix in a rapid aerating fashion, especially food.	To move (something) very fast; often with up, out, etc.	To move very fast.	To sew lightly; specifically, to form (a fabric) into gathers by loosely overcasting the rolled edge and drawing up the thread.	To snap back and forth like a whip.	To thrash; to beat out, as grain, by striking.	To throw or kick an object at a high velocity.	To transfer momentum from one skater to another.	To urge into action or obedience.
council	noun	A committee that leads or governs (e.g. city council, student council).	A local authority.	Discussion or deliberation.	Short for church council
era	noun	A geochronologic unit of tens to hundreds of millions of years; a subdivision of an eon, and subdivided into periods.	A time period of indeterminate length, generally more than one year.	An indefinite period of time in one’s life characterized by a particular interest.
harmony	noun	A literary work which brings together or arranges systematically parallel passages of historians respecting the same events, and shows their agreement or consistency.	A pleasing combination of elements, or arrangement of sounds.	Agreement or accord.	The academic study of chords.	The relationship between two distinct musical pitches (musical pitches being frequencies of vibration which produce audible sound) played simultaneously.	Two or more notes played simultaneously to produce a chord.
hail	noun	A rapid, intense barrage by a large number of projectiles or other objects.	An occurrence of this type of precipitation; a hailstorm.	Balls or pieces of ice falling as precipitation, often in connection with a thunderstorm.
hail	verb	In the game of uppies and downies, to throw (the ball) repeatedly up and down at the goal location, in order to score a point.	To call out loudly in order to gain the attention of.	To greet; give salutation to; salute.	To have hailstones fall from the sky.	To indicate, from a designated stop or otherwise, to the driver of a public transport vehicle that one wishes to board and travel on the vehicle, usually using hand signals such as waving.	To name; to designate; to call.	To pour down in rapid succession.	To send or release hail.	To signal in order to initiate communication with.	to originate (from), be native (to) or be based (in)
hail	adj	Healthy, whole, safe.
hail	intj	An exclamation of respectful or reverent salutation, or, occasionally, of familiar greeting.
housework	noun	domestic household chores such as cleaning and cooking	homework
marvelous	adj	Exciting wonder or surprise; astonishing; wonderful.
colony	noun	A group of bacteria, fungi or other cells cultured together, especially from a single cell.	A group of organisms of same or different species living together in close association.	A group of people who settle such an area and maintain ties to their native country, and (later) their descendants.	A group of people with similar interests, occupations, or characteristics, living in a particular area; the area such people occupy.	A group of people, of one nationality, ethnic group, or language, residing in a different country, city, or area; the area such people occupy.	A local group of Beaver Scouts.	A potential new chapter of a fraternity or sorority awaiting official recognition from their headquarters.	An apartment complex or neighborhood.	An area under the political control of another country and typically occupied by settlers (colonists) from it, or by their descendants.
colony	verb	To colonize.
balcony	noun	An accessible structure extending from a building, especially outside a window.	An accessible structure overlooking a stage or the like.
Wood	name	A number of places in the United States:	A small town in Mellette County, South Dakota.	A surname originating as an occupation for a woodsman.	A town in Wood County, Wisconsin.	A township in Clark County, Indiana.	A township in Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	An English topographic surname for someone who lived in or near a wood.	An inactive township in Wright County, Missouri.	An unincorporated community in Bedford County, Fulton County and Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania.	An unincorporated community in Clayton County, Iowa.	An unincorporated community in DeKalb County, Missouri.	An unincorporated community in Franklin County, North Carolina.	An unincorporated community in Mason County, West Virginia.
irritate	verb	To cause or induce displeasure or irritation.	To induce pain in (all or part of a body or organism).	To provoke impatience, anger, or displeasure in.	To render null and void.
waitress	noun	A female attendant who serves customers in a restaurant, café, or similar.
waitress	verb	To work as a waitress.
Helen	name	A census-designated place in Raleigh County, West Virginia.	A female given name from Ancient Greek.	A minor city in White County, Georgia.	A place in the United States:	An unincorporated community in St. Mary's County, Maryland.	The daughter of Zeus and Leda, considered to be the most beautiful woman in the world; her abduction by Paris brought about the Trojan War.
Helen	noun	Any of various papilionid butterflies of the genus Papilio.
presentation	noun	A dramatic performance.	A lecture or speech given in front of an audience.	A slideshow created on a computer.	An award given to someone on a special occasion.	Gender presentation; gender expression.	Money given as a wedding gift.	Offering one's blade for engagement by the opponent.	The act of presenting, or something presented.	The act or right of offering a clergyman to the bishop or ordinary for institution in a benefice.	The position of the foetus in the uterus at birth.	The preparation of antigen fragments during the immune response.	The specification of a group by generators and relators.	The symptoms and other possible indications of disease, trauma, etc., that are exhibited by a patient who has sought, or has otherwise come to, the attention of a physician.
Valentines	noun	plural of Valentine
carve	verb	To cut meat in order to serve it.	To cut.	To lay out; to contrive; to design; to plan.	To perform a series of turns without pivoting, so that the tip and tail of the snowboard take the same path.	To shape to sculptural effect; to produce (a work) by cutting, or to cut (a material) into a finished work, especially with cuts that are curved rather than only straight slices.	To take or make, as by cutting; to provide.
carve	noun	A carucate.	The act of carving
African	adj	Black; (dated, offensive) synonym of negroid.	Of or pertaining to Africa.
African	noun	A native of Africa; also one ethnologically belonging to an African race.
alcoholic	noun	A person who is addicted to alcohol.	One who abuses alcohol.
alcoholic	adj	Having more than a trace amount of alcohol in its contents.	Of or pertaining to alcohol.	Of, pertaining to, or affected by alcoholism.
plead	verb	To beg, beseech, or implore, especially emotionally.	To discuss by arguments.	To offer by way of excuse.	To present (an argument or a plea), especially in a legal case.
valid	adj	Acceptable, proper or correct; in accordance with the rules.	Genuine - as distinguished from efficient or regular - sacrament.	Of a formula or system: such that it evaluates to true regardless of the input values.	Of an argument: whose conclusion is always true whenever its premises are true.	Related to the current topic, or presented within context, relevant.	Well grounded or justifiable, pertinent.
Party		
Austria	name	A country in Central Europe. Official name: Republic of Austria. Capital and largest city: Vienna.
camping	verb	present participle and gerund of camp
camping	noun	The act of setting up a camp.	The recreational or educational activity of temporarily living in a tent or similar accommodation.
renew	verb	To become new, or as new; to revive.	To begin again; to recommence.	To extend a period of loan, especially a library book that is due to be returned.	To make (something) new again; to restore to freshness or original condition.	To make new spiritually; to regenerate.	To repeat.	To replace (something which has broken etc.); to replenish (something which has been exhausted), to keep up a required supply of.
renew	noun	Synonym of renewal.
precisely	adv	In a precise manner; exactly.	Used to provide emphasis.
dragon	noun	A Komodo dragon.	A background process similar to a daemon.	A class of playing tiles consisting of three types: white dragons, green dragons, and red dragons.	A fierce and unpleasant woman; a harridan.	A legendary serpentine or reptilian creature.	A luminous exhalation from marshy ground, seeming to move through the air like a winged serpent.	A man who does drag or crossdresses, or sometimes by extension a male-to-female transgender person.	A sea dragon.	A type of musket with a short, large-calibre barrel with a flared muzzle, often hooked to a swivel attached to a soldier's belt.	A variety of carrier pigeon.	A very large snake; a python.	An animal of various species that resemble a dragon in appearance:	An unattractive woman.	Any of various agamid lizards of the genera Draco, Physignathus or Pogona.	In Eastern Asian mythologies, a large, snake-like monster with the eyes of a hare, the horns of a stag and the claws of a tiger, usually beneficent.	In European mythologies, a gigantic beast, typically reptilian with leathery bat-like wings, lion-like claws, scaly skin and a serpent-like body, often a monster with fiery breath.	Something very formidable or dangerous.	The (historical) Chinese empire or the People's Republic of China.	The constellation Draco.
defect	noun	A fault or malfunction.	A part by which a figure or quantity is wanting or deficient.	The quantity or amount by which anything falls short.
defect	verb	To abandon or turn against; to cease or change one's loyalty, especially from a military organisation or political party.	To desert one's army, to flee from combat.	To flee one's country and seek asylum.	To join the enemy army.
Shanghai	name	A major international port including the eastern coast of Shanghai Municipality and the northeastern islands of Zhejiang Province.	A major port city and direct-administered municipality of China, the largest urban area in China.
Shanghai	noun	Alternative letter-case form of shanghai in its various senses derived from the Chinese city.
aboard	adv	Alongside.	Into a team, group, or company.	On base.	On board; into or within a ship or boat; hence, into or within a railway car.	On or onto a horse, a camel, etc.
aboard	prep	Across; athwart; alongside.	On board of; onto or into a ship, boat, train, plane.	Onto a horse.
prom	noun	A formal ball held at a high school or college on special occasions; e.g., near the end of the academic year.	A promenade concert.	A promenade.
foul	adj	(with "of") Positioned on, in, or near enough to (a specified area) so as to obstruct it.	Covered with, or containing unclean matter; dirty.	Detestable, unpleasant, loathsome.	Disgusting, repulsive; causing disgust.	Dishonest or not conforming to the established rules and customs of a game, conflict, test, etc.	Entangled and therefore restricting free movement, not clear.	Obscene, vulgar or abusive.	Outside of the base lines; in foul territory.	Ugly; homely; poor.	Unpleasant, stormy or rainy. (of the weather)
foul	verb	To become clogged.	To become entangled.	To besmirch.	To come into contact or collide with.	To commit a foul.	To entangle.	To hit a ball outside of the baselines.	To hit outside of the baselines.	To make contact with an opposing player in order to gain advantage.	To make dirty.	To obstruct, block, or otherwise interfere with (something), for example by clogging (a drain, gun barrel, chimney, etc) or by being in the way of (a gunshot, etc).
foul	noun	A (usually accidental) contact between a bowler and the lane before the bowler has released the ball.	A breach of the rules of a game, especially one involving inappropriate contact with an opposing player in order to gain an advantage; for example, tripping someone up in soccer, or contact of any kind in basketball.	A foul ball, a ball which has been hit outside of the base lines.
justify	verb	To absolve, and declare to be free of blame or sin.	To arrange (text) on a page or a computer screen such that the left and right ends of all lines within paragraphs are aligned.	To be a good, acceptable reason for; warrant.	To give reasons for one’s actions; to make an argument to prove that one is in the right.	To prove; to ratify; to confirm.	To provide an acceptable explanation for.	To qualify (oneself) as a surety by taking oath to the ownership of sufficient property.	To show (a person) to have had a sufficient legal reason for an act that has been made the subject of a charge or accusation.
advanced	verb	simple past and past participle of advance
advanced	adj	At or close to the state of the art.	Having moved forward in time or space (e.g. advanced ignition timing).	In a late stage of development or education; having greatly progressed beyond an initial stage.	Indicating a time ahead of the correct time.	Involving greater complexity; more difficult, elaborate or specialized.	Pronounced farther to the front of the vocal tract.
exhibition	noun	A demonstration of personal skill or feelings.	A financial award or prize given to a student (who becomes an exhibitioner) by a school or university, usually on the basis of academic merit.	A game which does not impact the standings for any major cup or competition.	A large-scale public showing of objects or products.	A public display, intentional or otherwise, generally characterised as negative.	An instance of exhibiting, or something exhibited.
exhibition	verb	To participate in sexual exhibitionism.
blackboard	noun	A large flat surface, finished with black slate or a similar material, that can be written upon with chalk and subsequently erased; a chalkboard.
blackboard	verb	To use a blackboard to assist in an informal discussion.
numerous	det	An indefinite large number of.
numerous	adj	Consisting of a large number of individuals or parts.	Indefinitely large numerically; many.
industrial	adj	Belonging or pertaining to the genre of industrial music.	Employed as manpower by such industry.	Having many industries; industrialized.	Massive in scale or quantity.	Of or relating to industry, notably manufacturing.	Produced by such industry.	Suitable for use in such industry; industrial-grade.	Used by such industry.
industrial	noun	A bond or stock issued by such a company.	A film made for use within an industry, not for a movie-going audience.	An employee in industry.	An enterprise producing tangible goods or providing certain services to industrial companies.	Ellipsis of industrial music.	Ellipsis of industrial piercing.
decay	noun	A deterioration of condition; loss of status, quality, strength, or fortune.	Ellipsis of radioactive decay.	Overthrow, downfall, destruction, ruin.	The process or result of being gradually decomposed; rot, decomposition.	The situation, in programming languages such as C, where an array loses its type and dimensions and is reduced to a pointer, for example by passing it to a function.	a gradual decrease of a stored charge, magnetic flux, current, etc.	progressive change in the path of an earth-orbiting satellite due to atmospheric drag.
decay	verb	Loss of airspeed due to drag.	Of an array: to lose its type and dimensions and be reduced to a pointer, for example when passed to a function.	To cause to rot or deteriorate.	To change by undergoing fission, by emitting radiation, or by capturing or losing one or more electrons; to undergo radioactive decay.	To deteriorate, to get worse, to lose strength or health, to decline in quality.	To rot, to go bad.	To undergo bit rot, that is, gradual degradation.	To undergo optical decay, that is, to relax to a less excited state, usually by emitting a photon or phonon.	To undergo prolonged reduction in altitude (above the orbited body).	To undergo software rot, that is, to fail to be updated in a changing environment, so as to eventually become legacy or obsolete.
status	noun	A function of some instant messaging applications, whereby a user may post a message that appears automatically to other users, if they attempt to make contact.	A person’s condition, position or standing relative to that of others.	A situation or state of affairs.	Prestige or high standing.	Short for status epilepticus or status asthmaticus.	The legal condition of a person or thing.	The state (of a Canadian First Nations person) of being registered under the Indian Act.
pork	noun	A position in which a player's pieces are both pinned and forked at the same time.	Funding proposed or requested by a member of Congress for special interests or their constituency as opposed to the good of the country as a whole.	The meat of a pig.	law enforcement, those who side with criminal prosecution
pork	verb	To have sex with (someone).
stir	verb	Of a feeling or emotion: to rise, begin to be felt.	To be in motion; to be active or bustling; to exert or busy oneself.	To begin to move, especially gently, from a still or unmoving position.	To bring into debate; to agitate.	To change the place of in any manner; to move.	To disturb the content of (a container) by passing an object through it.	To disturb the relative position of the particles (of a liquid or similar) by passing an object through it.	To disturb, to disrupt.	To emotionally affect; to touch, to move.	To incite to action.	To rise from sleep or unconsciousness.
stir	noun	Agitation of thoughts; conflicting passions.	Jail; prison.	Public disturbance or commotion; tumultuous disorder; seditious uproar.	The act or result of stirring (moving around the particles of a liquid etc.)	agitation; tumult; bustle; noise or various movements.
lifestyle	noun	A style of living that reflects the attitudes and values of a person or group.	The totality of the likes and dislikes of a particular section of the market, especially when expressed in terms of the products and services that they would buy; a marketing strategy based on the self-image of such a group.
applaud	noun	Applause; applauding.	Plaudit.
applaud	verb	To express approval (of something) by clapping the hands.	To praise, or express approval for something or someone.
cling	noun	Adherence; attachment; devotion.	An ornament that clings to a window so as to be seen from outside.	Fruit (especially peach) whose flesh adheres strongly to the pit.
cling	verb	To adhere to an object, without being affixed, in such a way as to follow its contours. Used especially of fabrics and films.	To be fond of, to feel strongly about and dependent on.	To cause to adhere to, especially by twining round or embracing.	To cause to dry up or wither.	To dry up or wither.	To hold very tightly, as to not fall off.	To produce a high-pitched ringing sound, like a small bell.
cling	intj	Imitative of a high-pitched ringing sound.
expel	verb	To deport.	To eject.	To fire (a bullet, arrow etc.).	To remove from membership.
inconvenience	noun	Something that is not convenient, something that bothers.	The quality of being inconvenient.
inconvenience	verb	To bother; to discomfort.
prey	noun	A living thing, usually an animal, that is eaten by another living thing.	A person or thing given up as a victim.	Anything, such as goods, etc., taken or got by violence; something taken by force from an enemy in war.	That which is or may be seized by animals to be devoured.	The act of devouring other creatures; ravage.	The victim of a disease.
prey	verb	To act as a predator.
prevail	verb	To avail.	To be current, widespread, or predominant; to have currency or prevalence.	To be superior in strength, dominance, influence, or frequency; to have or gain the advantage over others; to have the upper hand; to outnumber others.	To succeed in persuading or inducing.	To triumph; to be victorious.
massive	adj	Affecting a large portion of the body, or severe.	Having a large mass.	Having any mass.	Homogeneous, unstructured.	Not having an obvious crystalline structure.	Of particularly exceptional quality or value; awesome.	Outstanding, beautiful.	To a very great extent; total, utter.	Very large in size or extent.	Very large or bulky and heavy and solid.
massive	noun	A group of people from a locality, or sharing a collective aim, interest, etc.	A homogeneous mass of rock, not layered and without an obvious crystal structure.
eliminate	verb	To completely remove, get rid of, put an end to.	To exclude (from investigation or from further competition).	To excrete (waste products).	To kill (a person or animal).	To record amounts in a consolidation statement to remove the effects of inter-company transactions.	To render (a facility) unusable, to destroy it; to disable (a soldier), make them unable to fight (typically but not necessarily by killing)
bluff	noun	A high, steep bank, for example by a river or the sea, or beside a ravine or plain; a cliff with a broad face.	A small wood or stand of trees, typically poplar or willow.	An act of bluffing; a false expression of the strength of one’s position in order to intimidate or deceive; braggadocio.	An attempt to represent oneself as holding a stronger hand than one actually does.	One who bluffs; a bluffer.	Pretense, excuse.	The card game poker.
bluff	verb	To fluff, puff or swell up.	To frighten, deter, or deceive with a false show of strength or confidence; to give a false impression of strength or temerity in order to intimidate or gain some advantage.	To give false information intentionally, to lie (to someone), to deceive; to put on an act.	To make a bluff; to give the impression that one’s hand is stronger than it is.	To perform or achieve by bluffing.
bluff	adj	Having a broad, flattened front.	Rising steeply with a flat or rounded front.	Roughly frank and hearty in one's manners.	Surly; churlish; gruff; rough.
Always		
fuss	noun	A complaint or noise; a scene.	An exhibition of affection or admiration.	Excessive activity, worry, bother, or talk about something.
fuss	verb	To be very worried or excited about something, often too much.	To cry or be ill-humoured.	To disturb (a person)	To fiddle; fidget; wiggle, or adjust	To pet.	To show affection for, especially animals.
perspective	noun	A perspective glass.	A sound recording technique to adjust and integrate sound sources seemingly naturally.	A view, vista or outlook.	An artwork that represents three-dimensional objects in this way.	The ability to consider things in such relative perspective.	The appearance of depth in objects, especially as perceived using binocular vision.	The choice of a single angle or point of view from which to sense, categorize, measure or codify experience.	The technique of representing three-dimensional objects on a two-dimensional surface.
perspective	adj	Of, in or relating to perspective.	Providing visual aid; of or relating to the science of vision; optical.
fountain	noun	A drink poured from a soda fountain, or the cup it is poured into.	A ground-based firework that projects sparks similar to a water fountain.	A juggling pattern typically done with an even number of props where each prop is caught by the same hand that throws it.	A natural source of water; a spring.	A reservoir from which liquid can be drawn.	A roundel barry wavy argent and azure.	A soda fountain.	A source or origin of a flow (e.g., of favors or knowledge).	An artificial, usually ornamental, water feature (usually in a garden or public place) consisting of one or more streams of water originating from a statue or other structure.	Anything that resembles a fountain in operation.	The structure from which an artificial fountain can issue.
fountain	verb	To flow or gush as if from a fountain.
Olympics	name	The Olympic Games.
Olympics	noun	Any real or perceived competition.
Charles	name	A hamlet in Brayford parish, North Devon district, Devon, England (OS grid ref SS6832).	A male given name from the Germanic languages.	A neighbourhood of Providence, Rhode Island, United States.	A surname originating as a patronymic.	Synonym of Floreana: an island of Galapagos, Ecuador.
draft	noun	A current of air, usually coming into a room or vehicle.	A dose (of medicine, alcohol, etc.).	A person who has been drafted; a conscript or draftee.	A preliminary sketch or outline for a plan.	A quantity that is requisitioned or drawn out from a larger population.	A ravine or narrow valley, especially one through which a stream (at least intermittently) flows.	A small stream or tributary.	A style of play in collectible card games, where players select from a shared pool of cards.	A system of assigning rookie players to professional sports teams.	A system of forcing or convincing people to take an elected position.	A version of a written work (such as a book or paper) or drawing.	An act of drinking.	An order for money to be paid; the document that states it: a cheque, note, bond, bill of exchange, money order, or IOU.	An unsent e-mail.	Conscription; the system of forcing people to serve in the military.	Liquid, especially beer or other alcohol, drawn from a cask or keg rather than a bottle or can.	That which is drawn in; a catch; a haul.	The act of drawing in a net for fish.	The action or an act (especially of a beast of burden or vehicle) of pulling something along or back.	The bevel given to the pattern for a casting, so that it can be drawn from the sand without damaging the mould.	The depth of water needed to float a particular ship; the depth from the waterline to the bottom of a vessel's hull; the depth of water drawn by a vessel.	The draw through a flue of gasses or smoke resulting from a combustion process.	The pulling force (tension) on couplers and draft gear during a slack (stretched) condition.	The quantity of liquid (such as water, alcohol, or medicine) drunk in one swallow.
draft	verb	To conscript (a person); to force (a person) to serve in some capacity, especially in the military.	To draw fibers out of a clump, for spinning in the production of yarn.	To draw in outline; to make a draught, sketch, or plan of, as in architectural and mechanical drawing.	To draw out; to call forth.	To follow very closely (behind another vehicle), thereby providing an aerodynamic advantage to both lead and follower and conserving energy or increasing speed.	To play a collectible card game by selecting from a shared pool of cards.	To select (someone or something) for a particular role or purpose.	To select a rookie player onto a professional sports team.	To select and separate an animal or animals from a group.	To write a first version; to make a preliminary sketch.	To write a law.
draft	adj	Referring to animals used for pulling heavy loads.	Referring to drinks on tap, in contrast to bottled.
Judy	name	A diminutive of the female given name Judith, also used as a formal female given name.	A male given name from Hebrew.	A surname transferred from the given name.
Judy	noun	A girl or woman.	Any of various riodinid butterflies of the genus Abisara.
Judy	intj	Aircrew has radar/visual contact on the correct target, has taken control of the intercept, and only requires situation awareness information.
independence	noun	The quality or state of being independent; lack of dependence; the state of not being reliant on, or controlled by, others.	The state of having sufficient means for a comfortable livelihood.
donkey	noun	A bad poker player.	A box or chest, especially a toolbox.	A domestic animal, Equus asinus asinus, similar to a horse.	A fool.	A small auxiliary engine.	A stubborn person.	British sea term for a sailor's storage chest.
Australian	noun	A language of the country or continent of Australia; Australian (Australian English).	A person from the continent of Australia.	A person from the country of Australia or of Australian descent.
Australian	adj	Of, from, or pertaining to Australia, the Australian people or Australian languages.	Upside down.
Australian	name	The Australian, an Australian newspaper.
Joe	name	A diminutive of the male given names Joseph, Josiah, Joel, or Josias.	Alternative form of Jo: a diminutive of various female given names.
Joe	noun	A male; a guy; a fellow.	Synonym of Joe Miller (“an old joke”).
elementary	adj	Arising from Vieta's formulas; see Elementary symmetric polynomial on Wikipedia.Wikipedia	Fundamental: serving as a building block for more complicated structures or processes.	Involving only a single reaction step and transition state.	Making no use of complex analysis.	Relating to a subatomic particle.	Relating to an elementary school.	Relating to the basic, essential or fundamental part of something.	Straightforward, employing only basic techniques; not requiring substantial knowledge (of some particular domain, object, etc.).	Sublunary; not celestial; belonging to the sublunary sphere, to which the four classical elements (earth, air, fire and water) were confined; composed of or pertaining to these four elements.	Very simple.	Which performs a row or column operation on another matrix when the two are multiplied; see Elementary matrix on Wikipedia.Wikipedia (Such matrices are called "elementary" because they generate the general linear group).
elementary	noun	A supernatural being associated with the elements.	An elementary school.
River	name	A hamlet in Tillington parish, Chichester district, West Sussex, England (OS grid ref SU9322).	A place name:	A suburban village and civil parish in Dover district, Kent, England (OS grid ref TR2943).	A surname.	A township in Red Lake County, Minnesota, United States.	A unisex given name.
pump	noun	A dancing shoe.	A device for dispensing liquid or gas to be sold, particularly fuel; a gas pump.	A device for moving or compressing a liquid or gas.	A low-top shoe with a rubber sole and a canvas upper; a low-top canvas sneaker.	A ride on a bicycle given to a passenger, usually on the handlebars or fender.	A swelling of the muscles caused by increased blood flow following high intensity weightlifting.	A type of shoe without a heel.	A type of women's shoe which leaves the instep uncovered and has a relatively high heel, especially a stiletto (with a very high and thin heel)	An instance of the action of a pump; one stroke of a pump; any action similar to pumping	The heart.	The vagina.
pump	verb	Of music: to be loud, to have strong bass and rhythms; (by extension) to be full of energy.	To enlarge the body by means of weightlifting or steroid use.	To express milk from (a breast) by means of a breast pump.	To fill with air by means of a pump; to inflate.	To fire a bullet from a firearm.	To gain something, especially information, from (a person) by persistent questioning.	To have sex with; to sexually penetrate, especially with a thrusting motion.	To inject or pour (something) into someone or something in a manner similar to a pump.	To inject silicone into the body in order to try to achieve a fuller or curvier look.	To kick, throw, or hit the ball far and high.	To load a shell into the chamber of a pump-action shotgun by pumping the mechanism.	To move rhythmically, as the motion of a pump.	To pass (messages) into a program so that it can obey them.	To pass gas; to fart quietly.	To put (a person or part of the body) under a stream of water from a pump, as a punishment or as a form of medical treatment; to force a pump of water upon or on someone.	To shake (a person's hand) vigorously.	To use a pump; to move (water or other liquid) by means of a pump.
mailbox	noun	A box into which mail is placed.	A collection point for mail intended for onward delivery, a secure box or receptacle for this purpose.	A delivery point for mail, a box, compartment or slot for this purpose.	A folder or account for the storage of email; an electronic inbox or mailstore.
outfit	noun	A business or firm.	A fiscal year of the Hudson's Bay Company, or the supplies required for such a period.	A set of clothing (with accessories).	A sports team.	An outlier-sensitive fit.	Any cohesive group of people; a unit; such as a military company.	Gear consisting of a set of articles or tools for a specified purpose.
outfit	verb	To provide with, usually for a specific purpose.
blouse	noun	A loose-fitting uniform jacket.	A shirt for women or girls, particularly a shirt with buttons and often a collar; a dress shirt tailored for women.	A shirt, typically loose and reaching from the neck to the waist.	A short garment worn under a sari.	Alternative form of blouze.	Alternative form of blowze.
blouse	verb	The act of hiding contraband, such as drugs or weapons, in one's rectum.	To hang a garment in loose folds.	To tuck one's pants/trousers (into one's boots).
Island	name	Epstein Island	HM Prison Parkhurst, a prison on the Isle of Wight	Long Island (in New York State)	Vancouver Island
parrot	noun	A kind of bird, many species of which are colorful and able to mimic human speech, of the order Psittaciformes or (narrowly) of the family Psittacidae.	A parroter; a person who repeats the words or ideas of others.	A puffin.	A transponder.	channel coal.
parrot	verb	To repeat (exactly what has just been said) without necessarily showing understanding, in the manner of a parrot.
policemen	noun	plural of policeman
literally	adv	As an intensifier.	Draws attention to a pun or other wordplay involving an idiom.	Used as a general intensifier or dramatiser, sometimes tending towards a meaningless filler.	Used as a generic downtoner: just, merely.	Used as an intensifier with statements or terms that are in fact meant figuratively and not word for word as stated: virtually, so to speak.	With phrasings that might normally be used or understood as figurative: truly; not figuratively; not as an idiom or metaphor.	Without overstatement or understatement, or false or misleading words.	Word for word, exactly as stated.
instantly	adv	At once; without delay.	At the same time.	Urgently; with insistence.
instantly	conj	As soon as, directly.
depression	noun	A lowering, in particular a reduction in a particular biological variable or the function of an organ, in contrast to elevation.	A period of low morale or unhappiness (a period of experiencing the above-mentioned state of mind) which lasts longer than several weeks and may include ideation of self-inflicted injury or suicide.	A period of major economic contraction.	A state of mind producing serious, long-term lowering of enjoyment of life or inability to visualize a happy future; any of several mental disorders with this state of mind as a central feature.	An area of lowered air pressure that generally brings moist weather, sometimes promoting hurricanes and tornadoes.	An area that is lower in topography than its surroundings.	Four consecutive quarters of negative, real GDP growth. See NBER.	The act of lowering or pressing something down.
relatively	adv	In a relative manner; with reference to environment or competition; contextually or comparatively.	Somewhat; fairly.
theft	noun	The act of stealing property.
trigger	noun	A catch to hold the wheel of a carriage on a declivity.	A concept or image that upsets somebody by sparking a negative emotional response.	A device that manually lengthens (or sometimes shortens) the slide or tubing of a brass instrument, allowing the pitch range to be altered while playing.	A finger-operated lever used to fire a gun.	A pulse in an electronic circuit that initiates some component.	A similar device used to activate any mechanism.	An SQL procedure that may be initiated when a record is inserted, updated or deleted; typically used to maintain referential integrity.	An electronic transducer allowing a drum, cymbal, etc. to control an electronic drum unit or similar device.	An event that initiates others, or incites a response.	An event, experience or other stimulus that initiates a traumatic memory or a strong reaction in a person.
trigger	verb	To activate; to become active.	To cause, to precipitate, to bring (something) about in response or as a result.	To fire (a weapon).	To spark a response, especially a negative emotional response, in (a person).
trigger	adj	comparative form of trig: more trig
judgment	noun	The act of determining, as in courts of law, what is conformable to law and justice; also, the determination, decision, or sentence of a court, or of a judge.	The act of judging.	The conclusion or result of judging; an opinion; a decision.	The final award; the last sentence.	The power or faculty of performing such operations; especially, when unqualified, the faculty of judging or deciding rightly, justly, or wisely.
shovel	noun	A hand tool with a handle, used for moving portions of material such as earth, snow, and grain from one place to another, with some forms also used for digging. In strict usage differentiated from a spade, which is designed solely for small-scale digging and incidental tasks such as chopping of small roots.	A mechanical part of an excavator with a similar function.	Any shovel in the above senses, or any spade.	Ellipsis of shovel hat.
shovel	verb	To move materials with a shovel.	To move with a shoveling motion.
Israel	name	A Biblical region of Western Asia roughly coextensive with the modern State of Israel, known in the Bible as the Land of Israel and considered the ancestral homeland of the Jewish people.	A barangay of Imelda, Zamboanga Sibugay, Philippines.	A country in Western Asia in the Middle East, at the eastern shore of the Mediterranean. Official name: State of Israel.	A male given name from Hebrew.	A surname.	An ancient kingdom in Western Asia, roughly coextensive with the modern State of Israel and the Land of Israel.	An ancient kingdom that occupied the northern part of the Land of Israel and modern State of Israel, as distinct from Judah.	Another name for Jacob, notably after Genesis 32:28 and in later references.	The Jews as a people, taken collectively.
ensure	verb	To make a pledge to (someone); to promise, guarantee (someone of something); to assure.	To make sure or certain of something (usually some future event or condition).
bracelet	noun	A band or chain worn around the wrist as jewelry/jewellery or an ornament.	A piece of defensive armour for the arm.	The strap of a wristwatch, used to secure it around the wrist.
bracelet	verb	To surround with, or as if with, a bracelet; to ring or encompass.
mug	noun	A criminal.	A gullible or easily cheated person.	A large cup for beverages, usually having a handle and used without a saucer.	A mug shot.	A stupid or contemptible person.	Motherfucker (usually in similes, e.g. "like a mug" or "as a mug")	The face.
mug	verb	To assault for the purpose of robbery.	To exaggerate a facial expression for communicative emphasis; to make a face, to pose, as for photographs or in a performance, in an exaggerated or affected manner.	To learn or review a subject as much as possible in a short time; cram.	To photograph for identification; to take a mug shot of.	To strike in the face.
mug	adj	Easily fooled, gullible.	Uninteresting or unpleasant.
trustworthy	adj	Deserving of trust, reliable.
dot	noun	A dot ball.	A dowry.	A lump or clot.	A point used as a diacritical mark above or below various letters of the Latin script, as in Ȧ, Ạ, Ḅ, Ḃ, Ċ.	A punctuation mark used to indicate the end of a sentence or an abbreviated part of a word; a full stop; a period.	A small, round spot.	A symbol used for separating the fractional part of a decimal number from the whole part, for indicating multiplication or a scalar product, or for various other purposes.	Anything small and like a speck comparatively; a small portion or specimen.	Clipping of dotty (“shotgun”).	One of the two symbols used in Morse code.	buckshot, projectile from a "dotty" or shotgun	confinement facility	in musical notation, a symbol in the form of a small point placed after a note, indicating that its duration is to be augmented by 50%.
dot	verb	To add a dot (the symbol) or dots to.	To cover with small spots (of some liquid).	To mark by means of dots or small spots.	To mark or diversify with small detached objects.	To punch (a person).
dot	prep	Dot product of the previous vector and the following vector.
pathetic	adj	Arousing pity, sympathy, or compassion; exciting pathos.	Arousing scorn or contempt, often due to miserable inadequacy.	Expressing or showing anger; passionate.	Trochlear.
utterly	adv	Completely; entirely; to the fullest extent.
Hamlet	name	A William Shakespeare play about the Danish royal family.	A city in Richmond County, North Carolina.	A hamlet in Chautauqua County, New York.	A hamlet in Yetminster parish and Chetnole parish, Dorset, England (OS grid ref ST5908).	A locality in Alberta, Canada, named after William Hamlet.	A male given name.	A number of places in the United States:	A settlement in Gittisham parish, East Devon district, Devon, England, just outside Honiton (OS grid ref SY1499).	A surname.	A town in Starke County, Indiana, named after John Hamlet.	A village in Hayes County, Nebraska, so-named as it was regarded as a hamlet.	An unincorporated community in Clatsop County, Oregon, regarded as a hamlet.	An unincorporated community in Marin County, California.	An unincorporated community in Mercer County, Illinois.	An unincorporated community in Raleigh County, West Virginia, so-named for its small size.	The eponymous main character of William Shakespeare's play, whose father's ghost, murdered by Hamlet's uncle, exhorts him to seek revenge.
massage	noun	The action of rubbing or kneading anything.	The action of rubbing, kneading or hitting someone's body, to help the person relax, prepare for muscular action (as in contact sports) or to relieve aches.
massage	verb	To falsify (data or accounts).	To manipulate (data, a document etc.) to make it more presentable or more convenient to work with.	To rub and knead (someone's body or a part of a body), to perform a massage on (somebody).	To rub or knead anything.
buck	noun	A black or Native American man.	A dollar (one hundred cents).	A euro.	A fop or dandy.	A frame on which firewood is sawed; a sawhorse; a sawbuck.	A kind of large marble in children's games.	A leather-covered frame used for gymnastic vaulting.	A male deer, antelope, sheep, goat, rabbit, hare, and sometimes the male of other animals such as the hamster, ferret, shad and kangaroo.	A rand (currency unit).	A sixpence.	A unit of a particular currency	A wood or metal frame used by automotive customizers and restorers to assist in the shaping of sheet metal bodywork.	A young buck; an adventurous, impetuous, dashing, or high-spirited young man.	An antelope of either sex; compare with Afrikaans bok.	An implement the body of which is likened to a male sheep’s body due maintaining a stiff-legged position as if by stubbornness.	An object of various types, placed on a table to indicate turn or status; such as a brass object, placed in rotation on a US Navy wardroom dining table to indicate which officer is to be served first, or an item passed around a poker table indicating the dealer or placed in the pot to remind the winner of some privilege or obligation when his or her turn to deal next comes.	An uncastrated sheep, a ram.	An unlicensed cabman.	Belly, breast, chest.	Blame; responsibility; scapegoating; finger-pointing.	Clipping of buckshot.	Lowest rank; a private.	Lye or suds in which cloth is soaked in the operation of bleaching, or in which clothes are washed.	Money.	One hundred.	One million dollars.	Size.	Synonym of buck dance.	Synonym of mule (“type of cocktail with ginger ale etc.”).	The beech tree.	The body of a cart or waggon, especially the front part.	The body of a post mill, particularly in East Anglia. See Wikipedia:Windmill machinery.	The cloth or clothes soaked or washed.
buck	verb	To bend; buckle.	To boast or brag.	To break up or pulverize, as ores.	To copulate, as bucks and does.	To fuck.	To leap upward arching its back, coming down with head low and forelegs stiff, forcefully kicking its hind legs upward, often in an attempt to dislodge or throw a rider or pack.	To meet, to encounter, to come across.	To move or operate in a sharp, jerking, or uneven manner.	To output a voltage that is lower than the input voltage.	To overcome or shed (e.g., an impediment or expectation), in pursuit of a goal; to force a way through despite (an obstacle); to resist or proceed against.	To press a reinforcing device (bucking bar) against (the force of a rivet) in order to absorb vibration and increase expansion.	To resist obstinately; oppose or object strongly.	To saw a felled tree into shorter lengths, as for firewood.	To soak, steep or boil in lye or suds, as part of the bleaching process.	To strive or aspire e.g. to a promotion.	To subject to a mode of punishment which consists of tying the wrists together, passing the arms over the bent knees, and putting a stick across the arms and in the angle formed by the knees.	To swell out.	To throw (a rider or pack) by bucking.	To wash (clothes) in lye or suds, or, in later usage, by beating them on stones in running water
portrait	noun	A painting or other picture of a person, especially the head and shoulders.	A print orientation where the vertical sides are longer than the horizontal sides.	An accurate depiction of a person, a mood, etc.
portrait	verb	To portray; to draw.
portrait	adj	Representing the actual features of an individual; not ideal.
Picasso	name	Pablo Picasso (1881–1973), Spanish painter, best known as a founder of the Cubist movement.
judgement	noun	Alternative spelling of judgment.
indispensable	adj	Absolutely necessary or requisite; that one cannot do without.	Not admitting ecclesiastical dispensation; not subject to release or exemption; that cannot be allowed by bending the canonical rules.	Unbendable, that cannot be set aside or ignored.
indispensable	noun	A thing that is not dispensable; a necessity.	Trousers.
descend	verb	Chiefly followed by from or (obsolete) of: to come down or derive from an ancestor or ancestral stock, or a source; to originate, to stem.	Chiefly followed by into or to: of a situation: to become worse; to decline, to deteriorate.	Chiefly followed by on or upon: to arrive suddenly or unexpectedly, especially in a manner that causes disruption or inconvenience.	Chiefly followed by on or upon: to make an attack or incursion, from or as if from a vantage ground; to come suddenly and with violence.	Chiefly in the form descend into (or within) oneself: to mentally enter a state of (deep) meditation or thought; to retire.	In speech or writing: to proceed from one matter to another; especially, to pass from more general or important to specific or less important matters to be considered.	Of a body part: to move downwards, especially during development of the embryo; specifically, of the testes of a mammal: to move downwards from the abdominal cavity into the scrotum.	Of a celestial body: to move away from the zenith towards the horizon; to sink; also, to move towards the south.	Of a characteristic: to be transmitted from a parent to a child.	Of a flight of stairs, a road, etc.: to lead down (a hill, a slope, etc.).	Of a liquid substance: to distil out from another substance and gather at the bottom of a container; also, to distil a substance to obtain another liquid substance in this manner.	Of a physical thing (such as a a cloud or storm) or a (generally negative) immaterial thing (such as darkness, gloom, or silence): to settle upon and start to affect a person or place.	Of a sequence or series: to proceed from higher to lower values.	Of a zodiac sign: to move away from the zenith towards the horizon; to sink; also, of a planet: to move to a place where it has less astrological significance.	Of property, a right, etc.: to pass down to a generation, a person, etc., by inheritance.	Senses relating to moving from a higher to a lower position.	Senses relating to passing down from a source to another thing.	To alight from a carriage, a horse, etc.; also, to disembark from a vessel; to land.	To come down to a humbler or less fortunate, or a worse or less virtuous, rank or state; to abase or lower oneself; to condescend or stoop to something.	To come or go down, or reduce, in intensity or some other quality.	To move (someone or something) from a higher to a lower place or position; to bring or send (someone or something) down.	To pass from a higher to a lower note or tone; to fall in pitch.	To pass from a higher to a lower part of (something, such as a flight of stairs or a slope); to go down along or upon.	To physically move or pass from a higher to a lower place or position; to come or go down in any way, such as by climbing, falling, flowing, walking, etc.; to move downwards; to fall, to sink.	To slope or stretch downwards.	To trace (a lineage) from earlier to later generations.
descend	noun	Synonym of descent (“instance of descending; sloping incline or passage; way down; decline, etc.”).
Youll		
tension	noun	A feeling of nervousness, excitement, or fear that is created in a movie, book, etc.; suspense.	A force transmitted through a rope, string, cable, or similar object (used with prepositions on, in, or of, e.g., "The tension in the cable is 1000 N", to convey that the same magnitude of force applies to objects attached to both ends).	A psychological state of being tense.	The condition of being held in a state between two or more forces, which are acting in opposition to each other.	The state of an elastic object which is stretched in a way which increases its length.	Voltage.
tension	verb	To place an object in tension, to pull or place strain on.
scholarship	noun	A grant-in-aid to a student.	The activity, methods or attainments of a scholar.	The character or qualities of a scholar.	The first year of high school, often accompanied by exams that needed to be passed before advancement to the higher grades.	The sum of knowledge accrued by scholars; the realm of refined learning.
scholarship	verb	To attend an institution on a scholarship.	To grant a scholarship to.
institution	noun	A custom or practice of a society or community.	A long established and respected organization, particularly one involved with education, public service, or charity work.	A person long established in a place, position, or field.	Any facility where people (especially those who are mentally or physically disabled or sick, or who are prisoners) are committed (confined), where their freedom to leave is restricted.	Any long established and respected place or business.	Ellipsis of correctional institution.	Ellipsis of mental institution.	That which institutes or instructs, particularly a textbook or system of elements or rules.	The act by which a bishop commits a cure of souls to a priest.	The act of instituting something.	The building or buildings which house such an organization.
printer	noun	A device, usually attached to a computer, used to print text or images onto paper; an analogous device capable of producing three-dimensional objects.	One who makes prints.	The operator of a printing press or the owner of a printing business; (metonymic) any printing business.
slope	noun	A person of Chinese or other East Asian descent.	An area of ground that tends evenly upward or downward.	The angle a roof surface makes with the horizontal, expressed as a ratio of the units of vertical rise to the units of horizontal length (sometimes referred to as run).	The degree to which a surface tends upward or downward.	The ratio of the vertical and horizontal distances between two points lying on the line.	The slope of the line tangent to the curve at the given point.
slope	verb	To form with a slope; to give an oblique or slanting direction to; to incline or slant.	To hold a rifle at a slope with forearm perpendicular to the body in front holding the butt, the rifle resting on the shoulder.	To tend steadily upward or downward.	To try to move surreptitiously.
slope	adj	Sloping.
slope	adv	slopingly
Mount	name	A hamlet in Perranzabuloe parish, Cornwall, England (OS grid ref SW7856).	A hamlet in Warleggan parish, east Cornwall (OS grid ref SX1468).	A surname.
spicy	adj	Of, pertaining to, or containing spice.	Provoking a burning sensation due to the presence of capsaicin.	Risky; mildly aggressive or dangerous.	Risqué, sexy, racy; mildly pornographic.	Scandalous.	Tangy, zesty, or pungent.	Vigorous; colorful; stimulating.
Cross	name	A barangay of Glan, Sarangani, Philippines.	A hamlet in Georgeham parish, North Devon district, Devon, England (OS grid ref SS4539).	A hamlet in Goodleigh parish, North Devon district, Devon (OS grid ref SS6034).	A hamlet in St Dominick parish, east Cornwall, England (OS grid ref SX4067)	A hamlet north of Ellesmere, Shropshire, England (OS grid ref SJ3936).	A number of places with the name "Cross":	A settlement on the Isle of Lewis, Western Isles council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NB5062).	A topographic surname from Middle English for someone who lived near a stone cross on a road.	A town in Buffalo County, Wisconsin, United States.	A village and townland in County Clare, Ireland, Irish spelling An Chrois.	A village in Compton Bishop parish, Sedgemoor district, Somerset, England (OS grid ref ST4154).	A village in County Mayo, Ireland, Irish spelling An Chrois.	An unincorporated community in Berkeley County, South Carolina, United States.	An unincorporated community in Mineral County, West Virginia, United States.	The cross on which Jesus died and, in metonymical uses, such as to refer to Christ's suffering in general.
observation	noun	A judgement based on observing.	A realization of a random variable.	A regime under which a subject is routinely observed.	A remark or comment.	Performance of what is prescribed; adherence in practice; observance.	The act of noting and recording some event; or the record of such noting.	The act of observing, and the fact of being observed (see observance)
locker	noun	A closet.	A customs officer who guards a warehouse.	A lockable cubicle.	A locking differential.	A storage compartment on a ship, not necessarily one that can be locked.	A type of storage compartment with a lock, usually used to store personal possessions for public use, such as in schools, railway stations, place of work, gyms, sports centers.	One who locks something.
peculiar	adj	Common or usual for a certain place or circumstance; specific or particular.	One's own; belonging solely or especially to an individual; not shared or possessed by others.	Out of the ordinary; odd; strange; unusual.	Particular; individual; special; appropriate.
peculiar	noun	That which is peculiar; a sole or exclusive property; a prerogative; a characteristic.	an ecclesiastical district, parish, chapel or church outside the jurisdiction of the bishop of the diocese in which it is situated.
inhabitant	noun	A possible value for a type.	Someone or thing who lives in a place.
inhabitant	adj	resident
diplomat	noun	A person, such as an ambassador, who is accredited to represent a government officially in its relations with other governments or international organisations	Someone who uses skill and tact in dealing with other people.
shiver	verb	To break into splinters or fragments.	To cause to shake or tremble, as a sail, by steering close to the wind.	To tremble or shake, especially when cold or frightened.
shiver	noun	A bodily response to early hypothermia.	A fragment or splinter, especially of glass or stone.	A sheave or small wheel in a pulley.	A small wedge, as for fastening the bolt of a window shutter.	A spindle.	A splinter of wood embedded in the flesh	A thin slice; a shive.	A variety of blue slate.	Collective noun for a group of sharks.	The act of shivering.
fur	noun	A coating or lining resembling fur in function and/or appearance.	A furry, a member of the furry fandom.	A garment made of fur.	A thick pile of fabric.	An animal pelt used to make, trim or line clothing.	Human body hair, especially when abundant.	One of several patterns or diapers used as tinctures, such as ermine and vair.	Pubic hair.	Rabbits and hares, as opposed to partridges and pheasants (called feathers).	Sexual attractiveness.	The deposit formed on the interior of boilers and other vessels by hard water.	The hairy coat of various mammal species, especially when fine, soft and thick.	The hairy skins of animals used as a material for clothing.	The layer of epithelial debris on a tongue.	The soft, downy covering on the skin of a peach.
fur	verb	To become covered with fur or a fur-like coating.	To cover with fur or a fur-like coating.	To level a surface by applying furring to it.
fur	conj	Pronunciation spelling of for.
fur	prep	Pronunciation spelling of for.
enthusiastic	adj	Relating to enthusiasm, or divine possession.	With zealous fervor; excited, motivated.
firmly	adv	Definitively.	In a firm or definite or strong manner.	Securely.
everyday	adj	Appropriate for ordinary use, rather than for special occasions.	Commonplace or ordinary during daytime.	Commonplace, ordinary.
everyday	adv	Misspelling of every day (compare everywhere, everyway, etc.).
everyday	noun	Literally every day in succession, or every day but Sunday.	The ordinary or routine day or occasion.
virus	noun	A disease caused by such an infectious agent; a viral illness.	A quantity of such infectious agents, considered en masse.	A species thereof.	A submicroscopic, non-cellular structure that consists of a core of DNA or RNA surrounded by a protein coat, that requires a living host cell to replicate, and that sometimes causes disease in the host organism (such agents are often classed as nonliving infectious particles and less often as microorganisms).	A type of malware which can covertly transmit itself between computers via networks (especially the Internet) or removable storage such as disks, often causing damage to systems and data; also computer virus.	An individual particle thereof: synonym of virion.	Any malicious or dangerous entity that spreads from one place or person to another.	Any type of malware.	Venom, as produced by a poisonous animal etc.
virus	verb	To send or infect an electronic device with a computer virus.
homesick	adj	Missing one's home and family very much when away; nostalgic.
unfortunate	adj	Marked or accompanied by or resulting in misfortune.	Not favored by fortune.	Regrettable or unsuitable.
unfortunate	noun	A prostitute.	An unlucky person; one who has fallen into bad circumstances.
stink	verb	To be greatly inferior; to perform badly.	To cause to stink; to affect by a stink.	To give an impression of dishonesty, untruth, or sin.	To have a strong bad smell.
stink	noun	A complaint or objection.	A strong bad smell.
stink	adj	Bad-smelling, stinky.	Bad; inferior; worthless.
corrupt	adj	Abounding in errors; not genuine or correct; in an invalid state.	In a depraved state; debased; perverted; morally degenerate; weak in morals.	In a putrid state; spoiled; tainted; vitiated; unsound.	Willing to act dishonestly for personal gain; accepting bribes.
corrupt	verb	To become putrid, tainted, or otherwise impure; to putrefy; to rot.	To debase or make impure by alterations or additions; to falsify.	To introduce errors; to place into an invalid state.	To make corrupt; to change from good to bad; to draw away from the right path; to deprave; to pervert.	To waste, spoil, or consume; to make worthless.
ruler	noun	A (usually rigid), flat, rectangular measuring or drawing device with graduations in units of measurement; a straightedge with markings.	A person who rules or governs; someone or something that exercises dominion or controlling power over others.
ruler	verb	To beat with a ruler (as a traditional school punishment).
laboratory	noun	A place where chemicals, drugs or microbes are prepared or manufactured.	A room, building or institution equipped for scientific research, experimentation or analysis.
signature	noun	A distinguishing feature or product.	A group of four (or a multiple of four) sheets printed such that, when folded, they become a section of a book.	A mark or sign of implication.	A pattern used for matching the identity of a virus, the parameter types of a method, etc.	A person's name, written by that person, used as identification or to signify approval of accompanying material, such as a legal contract.	A resemblance between the external character of a disease and those of some physical agent, for instance, that existing between the red skin of scarlet fever and a red cloth; supposed to indicate this agent in the treatment of the disease.	A tuple specifying the sign of coefficients in any diagonal form of a quadratic form.	An act of signing one's name; an act of producing a signature.	Data attached to a message that guarantees that the message originated from its claimed source.	Signs on the stave indicating key and tempo, composed of the key signature and the time signature.	Text (or images, etc.) appended to a user's emails, newsgroup posts, forum posts, etc. as a way of adding a personal touch or including contact details.	The part of a doctor’s prescription containing directions for the patient.
signature	adj	Distinctive, characteristic, indicative of identity.
offensive	adj	Causing offense; arousing a visceral reaction of disgust, anger, hatred, sadness, or indignation.	Having to do with play directed at scoring.	Relating to an offense or attack, as opposed to defensive.
offensive	noun	An attack.	The posture of attacking or being able to attack.
outstanding	verb	present participle and gerund of outstand
outstanding	adj	Exceptionally good; distinguished from others by its superiority.	Owed as a debt.	Projecting outwards.	Prominent or noticeable; sovereign.	Unresolved; not settled or finished.
saying	verb	present participle and gerund of say
saying	noun	A proverb or maxim.	That which is said; an utterance.
peach	noun	A light yellow-red colour.	A particular rock found in tin mines, sometimes associated with chlorite.	A particularly admirable or pleasing person or thing.	Any tree of species Prunus persica, native to China and now widely cultivated throughout temperate regions, having pink flowers and edible fruit.	Buttock or bottom.	Soft juicy stone fruit of the peach tree, having yellow flesh, downy, red-tinted yellow skin, and a deeply sculptured pit or stone containing a single seed.
peach	adj	Of or pertaining to the color peach.	Particularly pleasing or agreeable.
peach	verb	To inform against.	To inform on someone; turn informer.
politely	adv	in a polite manner
childish	adj	Immature in thought or behaviour.	belonging to or suitable for a child.
seventeen	num	The cardinal number occurring after sixteen and before eighteen, represented in Roman numerals as XVII and in Arabic numerals as 17.
Wall	name	A Chinese constellation located near Pegasus and Andromeda, one of the 28 lunar mansions and part of the larger Black Turtle.	A borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania.	A place in England:	A place in the United States:	A surname.	A town in Pennington County, South Dakota.	A township in Monmouth County, New Jersey.	A village and civil parish in south Northumberland (OS grid ref NY9169); part of Hadrian's Wall is in the parish.	A village and civil parish in the City of Lichfield district, Staffordshire (OS grid ref SK0906).	A village in Gwinear-Gwithian parish, south-west Cornwall (OS grid ref SW6036).	An unincorporated community in Tom Green County, Texas.	the Berlin Wall.	the Great Wall of China.	the Trump Wall.
poisonous	adj	Containing sufficient poison to be dangerous to touch or ingest.	Negative, harmful.	Of an animal such as a snake or spider, or parts of its body: producing a toxin intended for defensive or offensive use which is usually injected into an enemy or prey by biting or stinging; hence, of a bite or sting: injecting poison.
elegant	adj	Characterised by minimalism and intuitiveness while preserving exactness and precision.	Characterised by or exhibiting elegance.	Fine; doing well.
elegant	noun	An elegant parrot.
provoke	verb	To appeal.	To bring about a reaction.	To cause someone to become annoyed or angry.
saint	noun	A Christian; a faithful believer in the present world.	A deceased person whom a church or another religious group has officially recognised as especially holy or godly; one eminent for piety and virtue.	A holy object.	A person with similarly overwhelming positive qualities; one who does good.	Alternative letter-case form of Saint (“a Mormon, a Latter-day Saint”).	One of the blessed in heaven.
saint	verb	Synonym of canonize: to honor, formally name, or revere as a saint.
saint	prefix	Capitalized and placed before another term, particularly personal names, to create placename without direct association to any religious character.
softly	adv	In a soft manner; gently.	Not loudly; nearly inaudibly.	With subdued color; faded or misty with distance.
enthusiasm	noun	Intensity of feeling; excited interest or eagerness.	Possession by a god; divine inspiration or frenzy.	Something in which one is keenly interested.
update	noun	A change in information, a modification of existing or known data.	A modification of something to a more recent, up-to-date version; (in software) a minor upgrade.	A version of something which is newer than other versions.	An additional piece of information. An addition to existing information.	An advisement providing more up-to-date information than currently known.
update	verb	To bring (a person) up to date: to inform (a person) about recent developments.	To bring (a thing) up to date.
disturbing	adj	Causing distress or worry; upsetting or unsettling.
disturbing	verb	present participle and gerund of disturb
Irish	name	A female given name of chiefly Philippine usage.	A surname originating as an ethnonym.	The Gaelic language indigenous to Ireland, also known as Irish Gaelic.	The Irish people.
Irish	noun	A board game of the tables family.	Temper; anger, passion.	Whiskey, or whisky, elaborated in Ireland.
Irish	adj	Pertaining to or originating from Ireland or the Irish people.	Pertaining to the Irish language.	nonsensical, daft or complex.
vanity	noun	A dressing table used to apply makeup, preen, and coif hair, in which the table is normally quite low and similar to a desk.	A washbasin installed into a permanently fixed storage unit, used as an item of bathroom furniture.	Any idea, theory or statement that is without foundation.	Excessive pride in or admiration of one's own abilities, appearance, achievements, or possessions.	That which is vain, futile, or worthless; that which is of no value, use or profit.
Pinocchio	name	The fictional boy made from wood whose nose gets longer with each lie he tells, protagonist of the story The Adventures of Pinocchio (1881–1883) by Carlo Collodi.	The popular fairy tale about Pinocchio.
Pinocchio	noun	One who has difficulty hiding lies.	One who lies often; a liar.
photographer	noun	One who takes photographs, typically as an occupation.
emperor	noun	A large, relatively valuable marble in children's games.	An emperor penguin (Aptenodytes forsteri).	Any fish of the family Lethrinidae.	Any monarch ruling an empire, irrespective of gender, with "empress" contrasting to mean the consort of an emperor.	Any of various butterflies of the subfamily Charaxinae.	Any of various large dragonflies of the cosmopolitan genus Anax.	Specifically, the ruler of the Holy Roman Empire; the world-monarch.	The fourth trump or major arcana card of the tarot deck.	The male monarch or ruler of an empire.
someplace	adv	Somewhere.
someplace	noun	An unspecified location.
pony	noun	A chorus girl of small stature.	A dance from the 1960s in which the dancer mimics the high-stepping prance of a pony.	A horse of any size.	A ponytail hairstyle.	A serving of 140 millilitres of beer (formerly 5 fl oz); a quarter pint.	A small horse; specifically, any of several small breeds of horse under 14.2 hands at the withers.	A small serving of an alcoholic beverage, especially beer.	A translation used as a study aid; loosely, a crib, a cheat-sheet.	Crap; rubbish, nonsense.	Ellipsis of Sony pony.	One horsepower.	Twenty-five pounds (money).	a contraption built like a mount, strong enough to support one's weight
pony	verb	To lead (a horse) from another horse.	To use a crib or cheat-sheet in translating.
pony	adj	Of little worth.
sexy	adj	Having sex appeal; attractive.	Intriguing, appealing, likely to excite interest.	Sexual; relating to or involving sex.	Used to describe prime numbers that differ from each other by six.
Mathematics		
urban	adj	(of inhabitants or residents) Black; African American.	Having authority or jurisdiction over a city or town.	Living in a city or town.	Of, pertaining to, characteristic of, or happening or located in, a city or town; of, pertaining to, or characteristic of life in such a place, especially when contrasted with the countryside.	Relating to contemporary African American culture, especially in music.
hurricane	noun	"full—triple-full—full" – an acrobatic maneuver consisting of three flips and five twists, with one twist on the first flip, three twists on the second flip, one twist on the third flip	A great forceful onrush.	A severe tropical cyclone in the North Atlantic Ocean, Caribbean Sea, Gulf of Mexico, or in the eastern North Pacific off the west coast of Mexico, with winds of 119 km/h (74 miles per hour) or greater accompanied by rain, lightning, and thunder that sometimes moves into temperate latitudes.	A sweet alcoholic drink made with rum, lemon juice (or sometimes other fruit juice), and either passion fruit syrup or fassionola.
hurricane	verb	To attempt to accomplish a great deal with a frenzied effort.	To be violent, with winds of 119 km/h (74 miles per hour) or greater, usually accompanied by rain, lightning, and thunder.	To cause an uproar.	To chase violently or rush after and force along.	To move noisily, quickly, and dramatically, becoming the center of attention.	To storm excessivly; to fume and rage violently.	To swirl quickly and violently.	To tear apart in a violent, destructive, and/or chaotic manner.
fulfil	verb	British English standard spelling of fulfill.
piss	noun	Alcoholic beverage, especially of inferior quality.	An intensifier.	The act of urinating.	Urine.
piss	verb	To achieve easily.	To discharge as or with the urine.	To rain heavily.	To urinate.
piss	intj	Expresses anger, disappointment or dissatisfaction.
mammal	noun	An animal of the class Mammalia.	Characterized by being warm-blooded, having hair or fur and producing milk with which to feed its young.	Characterized by having vertebrae and three bones in the inner ear and one in the jaw.
instance	noun	A case offered as an exemplification or a precedent; an illustrative example.	A dungeon or other area that is duplicated for each player, or each party of players, that enters it, so that each player or party has a private copy of the area, isolated from other players.	A piece of evidence; a proof or sign (of something).	A specific occurrence of something that is created or instantiated, such as a database, or an object of a class in object-oriented programming.	A token; a sign; a symptom or indication.	An independent server on a decentralised social network, such as Mastodon.	An individual copy of such a dungeon or other area.	Occasion; order of occurrence.	One of a series of recurring occasions, cases, essentially the same.	That which is urgent; motive.	Urgency of manner or words; an urgent request; insistence.
instance	verb	To cite an example as proof; to exemplify.	To duplicate (a dungeon or other area) for each player, or each party of players, that enters it, so that each player or party has a private copy of the area, isolated from other players.	To mention as a case or example; to refer to; to cite	To render (an object) as part of a batch, using the same geometry data.
infect	verb	To bring (the body or part of it) into contact with a substance that causes illness (a pathogen), so that the pathogen begins to act on the body; (of a pathogen) to come into contact with (a body or body part) and begin to act on it.	To contaminate (an object or substance) with a pathogen.	To make somebody enthusiastic about one's own passion, or to communicate a feeling to others, or a feeling communicating itself to others.
infect	adj	Infected.	Representing an action not yet completed.
seen	verb	Understood; comprehended.	past participle of see	simple past of see; saw.
seen	noun	The letter س in the Arabic script.
Hong	name	A local government area of Adamawa State, Nigeria.	A surname from Mandarin or Taishanese.
bolt	noun	A (usually) metal fastener consisting of a cylindrical body that is threaded, with a larger head on one end. It can be inserted into an unthreaded hole up to the head, with a nut then threaded on the other end; a heavy machine screw.	A bar of wood or metal dropped in horizontal hooks on a door and adjoining wall or between the two sides of a double door, to prevent the door(s) from being forced open.	A burst of speed or efficiency.	A large roll of fabric or similar material, as a bolt of cloth.	A lightning spark, i.e., a lightning bolt.	A refusal to support a nomination made by the party with which one has been connected; a breaking away from one's party.	A sieve, especially a long fine sieve used in milling for bolting flour and meal; a bolter.	A sliding mechanism to chamber and unchamber a cartridge in a firearm.	A sliding pin or bar in a lock or latch mechanism.	A small personal-armour-piercing missile for short-range use, or (in common usage though deprecated by experts) a short arrow, intended to be shot from a crossbow or a catapult.	A stalk or scape (of garlic, onion, etc).	A sudden event, action or emotion.	A sudden flight, as to escape creditors.	A sudden spring or start; a sudden leap aside.	An iron to fasten the legs of a prisoner; a shackle; a fetter.	The standard linear measurement of canvas for use at sea: 39 yards.
bolt	verb	To affix in a crude or unnatural manner.	To cause to start or spring forth; to dislodge (an animal being hunted).	To connect or assemble pieces using a bolt.	To discuss or argue privately, and for practice, as cases at law.	To drink one's drink very quickly; to down a drink.	To escape.	To flee, to depart, to accelerate away suddenly.	To produce flower stalks and flowers or seeds quickly or prematurely; to form a bolt (stalk or scape); to go to seed.	To refuse to support a nomination made by a party or caucus with which one has been connected; to break away from a party.	To secure a door by locking or barring it.	To separate, assort, refine, or purify by other means.	To sift the bran and germ from wheat flour.	To sift, especially through a cloth.	To strike or fall suddenly like a bolt.	To swallow food without chewing it.	To utter precipitately; to blurt or throw out.
bolt	adv	Suddenly; straight; unbendingly.
steadily	adv	In a steady manner; with a steady progression.
startle	verb	To deter; to cause to deviate.	To excite by sudden alarm, surprise, or apprehension; to frighten suddenly and not seriously; to alarm; to surprise.	To move suddenly, or be excited, on feeling alarm; to start.
startle	noun	A sudden motion or shock caused by an unexpected alarm, surprise, or apprehension of danger.
shrine	noun	A case, box, or receptacle, especially one in which are deposited sacred relics, as the bones of a saint.	A holy or sacred place dedicated to a specific deity, ancestor, hero, martyr, saint, or similar figure of awe and respect, at which said figure is venerated or worshipped.	A place or object hallowed from its history or associations.
shrine	verb	To enshrine; to place reverently, as if in a shrine.
amusement	noun	An activity that is entertaining or amusing, such as dancing, gunning, or fishing.	Entertainment.
weep	verb	To cry; to shed tears, especially when accompanied with sobbing or other difficulty speaking, as an expression of emotion such as sadness or joy.	To flow in drops; to run in drops.	To give off moisture in small quantities, e.g. due to condensation.	To hang the branches, as if in sorrow; to be pendent; to droop; said of a plant or its branches.	To lament; to complain.	To produce secretions.	To weep over; to bewail.
weep	noun	A lapwing; wipe, especially, a northern lapwing (Vanellus vanellus).	A red or reddish liquid that seeps out from raw muscular meat during storage, consisting mostly of water and protein; "meat juice".	A session of crying.	A sob.
architect	noun	A person who plans, devises or contrives the achievement of a desired result.	A professional who designs buildings or other structures, or who prepares plans and superintends construction.	An honorific given to architects. Usually capitalized or abbreviated as Arch./Ar. before the person's name.
architect	verb	To design, plan, or orchestrate.
beware	verb	To use caution, pay attention to (used both with and without of).
violate	verb	To break or disregard (a rule or convention).	To cite (a person) for a parole violation.	To rape.
Olympic	adj	Of or pertaining to Olympus, a mountain of Thessaly, fabled as the seat of the gods.	Of or pertaining to the Olympic Games.	Of or pertaining to the ancient city of Olympia.
Olympic	noun	Five consecutive ducks.
scent	noun	A distinctive smell.	A smell left by an animal that may be used for tracing.	A substance (usually liquid) created to provide a pleasant smell.	Any trail or trace that can be followed to find something or someone, such as the paper left behind in a paperchase.	Sense, perception.	The sense of smell.
scent	verb	To detect the scent of; to discern by the sense of smell.	To have a smell; (figuratively) to give an impression (of something).	To have a suspicion of; to detect the possibility of (something).	To hunt animals by means of the sense of smell.	To impart an odour to, to cause to have a particular smell.	To inhale in order to detect the scent of (something).
enterprise	noun	A company, business, organization, or other purposeful endeavor.	A willingness to undertake new or risky projects; energy and initiative.	Active participation in projects.	An undertaking, venture, or project, especially a daring and courageous one.
enterprise	verb	To put up or house; to entertain.	To undertake an enterprise, or something hazardous or difficult.	To undertake; to begin and attempt to perform; to venture upon.
landscape	noun	A picture representing a real or imaginary scene by land or sea, the main subject being the general aspect of nature, as fields, hills, forests, water, etc.	A portion of land or territory which the eye can comprehend in a single view, including all the objects it contains.	A sociological aspect of a physical area.	A space, indoor or outdoor and natural or man-made (as in "designed landscape")	The pictorial aspect of a country.	a mode of printing where the horizontal sides are longer than the vertical sides	a situation that is presented, a scenario
landscape	verb	To create or maintain a landscape.
Lake	name	A former town in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, annexed by the city of Milwaukee in 1954.	A large village and civil parish on the Isle of Wight (OS grid ref SZ5983).	A number of places in the United States:	A number of townships, listed under Lake Township.	A place in England:	A placename:	A settlement in Wilsford cum Lake parish, Wiltshire (OS grid ref SU1339).	A surname.	A town in Marinette County, Wisconsin.	A town in Newton County and Scott County, Mississippi.	A town in Price County, Wisconsin.	A unisex given name.	An unincorporated community in Ascension Parish, Louisiana.	An unincorporated community in Baltimore County, Maryland.	An unincorporated community in Fremont County, Idaho.	An unincorporated community in Garfield Township, Clare County, Michigan.	An unincorporated community in Laurel County, Kentucky.	An unincorporated community in Logan County, West Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Northumberland County, Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Tulsa County, Oklahoma.
contribution	noun	An amount of money given toward something.	Something given or offered that adds to a larger whole.	The act of contributing.	The taking part, often with the idea that it has led to (scientific etc.) progress.
surgeon	noun	A surgeonfish.	One who performs surgery; a doctor who performs operations on people or animals.
footstep	noun	A step, as in a stair.	An inclined plane under a hand printing press.	The act of taking a step.	The distance between one foot and the next when walking; a pace.	The indications or waypoints of a course or direction taken.	The mark or impression left by a foot; a track.	The sound made by walking, running etc.
consumer	noun	An organism (heterotroph) that uses other organisms for food in order to gain energy.	One who, or that which, consumes.	Someone who trades money for goods or services as an individual.	The consumer base of a product, service or business.
furnish	noun	Material used to create an engineered product.
furnish	verb	To provide a place with furniture, or other equipment.	To supply (somebody) with something.	To supply or give (something).
resistance	noun	A force that tends to oppose motion.	A resistor.	An underground organisation engaged in a struggle for liberation from forceful occupation; a resistance movement.	Electrical resistance.	The act of resisting, or the capacity to resist.
dispose	verb	To bargain; to make terms.	To deal out; to assign to a use.	To distribute or arrange; to put in place.	To eliminate or to get rid of something.	To incline.	To regulate; to adjust; to settle; to determine.
dispose	noun	Behaviour; disposition.	The disposal or management of something.
monthly	adj	Occurring every month.
monthly	adv	Every month.
monthly	noun	A publication that is published once a month.	The menstrual period.
excess	noun	A condition on an insurance policy by which the insured pays for a part of the claim.	An act of eating or drinking more than enough.	Spherical excess, the amount by which the sum of the three angles of a spherical triangle exceeds two right angles. The spherical excess is proportional to the area of the triangle.	The degree or amount by which one thing or number exceeds another; remainder.	The state of surpassing or going beyond a limit; the state of being beyond sufficiency, necessity, or duty; more than what is usual or proper.
excess	adj	More than is normal, necessary or specified.
excess	verb	To declare (an employee) surplus to requirements, such that he or she might not be given work.
silently	adv	In a silent manner; making no noise.	Of an edit or change to a text, without explicit acknowledgment.
telescope	noun	A monocular optical instrument that magnifies distant objects, especially in astronomy.	A retractable tubular support for lights.	Any instrument used in astronomy for observing distant objects (such as a radio telescope).
telescope	verb	To collapse, via cancellation.	To come into collision, as railway cars, in such a manner that one runs into another.	To extend or contract in the manner of a telescope.	To slide or pass one within another, after the manner of the sections of a small telescope or spyglass.
inflation	noun	A decline in the value of money.	An act, instance of, or state of expansion or increase in size, especially by injection of a gas or liquid.	An extremely rapid expansion of the universe, theorized to have occurred very shortly after the Big Bang.	An increase in the general level of prices or in the cost of living.	An increase in the quantity of money, leading to a devaluation of existing money.	Undue expansion or increase, as of academic grades.
dine	verb	To dine upon; to have to eat.	To eat; to eat dinner or supper.	To give a dinner to; to furnish with the chief meal; to feed.
dine	noun	Dinnertime.
testify	verb	To be evidence of.	To make a declaration, or give evidence, under oath.	To make a statement based on personal knowledge or faith.
zone	noun	A band or area of growth encircling anything.	A band or stripe extending around a body.	A belt or girdle.	A circuit; a circumference.	A defensive scheme where defenders guard a particular area of the court or field, as opposed to a particular opposing player.	A frustum of a sphere.	A given area distinguished on the basis of a particular characteristic, use, restriction, etc.	A high-performance phase or period.	A logical group of network devices on AppleTalk (an obsolete networking protocol).	A restricted category or virtual place.	A semicircular area in front of each goal.	A series of planes having mutually parallel intersections.	Any given region or area of the world.	Each of the five regions of the earth's surface into which it was divided by climatic differences, namely the torrid zone (between the tropics), two temperate zones (between the tropics and the polar circles), and two frigid zones (within the polar circles).	Every of the three parts of an ice rink, divided by two blue lines.	That collection of a domain's DNS resource records, the domain and its subdomains, that are not delegated to another authority.	The curved surface of a frustum of a sphere, the portion of surface of a sphere delimited by parallel planes.	The strike zone.
zone	verb	To assign to a restricted category.	To define the property use classification of (an area).	To divide into or assign to sections or areas.	To enter a daydream state temporarily, for instance as a result of boredom, fatigue, or intoxication; to doze off.
enjoyable	adj	Pleasant, capable of giving pleasure.
Roger	noun	radiotelephony clear-code word for the letter R.
Roger	name	A male given name from the Germanic languages.	A surname originating as a patronymic.	Jolly Roger (pirate flag)	The Devil; Satan.
Romans	name	A surname.	The 30th sura (chapter) of the Qur'an.	The sixth book of the New Testament of the Bible, the epistle of St Paul to the Christians in Rome.
Romans	noun	plural of Roman
Sato	name	A surname from Japanese.
Poland	name	A country in Central Europe. Official name: Republic of Poland. Capital and largest city: Warsaw.	A number of places in the United States:	A surname.	A town in Androscoggin County, Maine.	A town in Chautauqua County, New York.	A village and township in Mahoning County, Ohio.	A village in Herkimer County, New York.	A village on Kiritimati, Kiribati, named after the home country of a plantation manager.	An unincorporated community in Cass Township, Clay County, Indiana.	An unincorporated community in Eaton, Brown County, Wisconsin.
Ford	name	A hamlet in Dinton with Ford and Upton parish, Buckinghamshire (OS grid ref SP7709).	A hamlet in Eckington parish, North East Derbyshire district, Derbyshire (OS grid ref SK4080).	A hamlet in Ford and Stoke Prior parish, south of Leominster, Herefordshire (OS grid ref SO5155)	A hamlet in Holbeton parish, South Hams district, Devon (OS grid ref SX6150).	A hamlet in Temple Guiting parish, Cotswold district, Gloucestershire (OS grid ref SP0829).	A hamlet next to Wolf's Castle, Pembrokeshire, Wales (OS grid ref SM9526).	A number of places in England:	A number of places in the USA:	A number of places in the United Kingdom:	A placename:	A small city in Ford County, Kansas.	A small village and civil parish in northern Northumberland (OS grid ref NT9437).	A small village at the south-west end of Loch Awe, Argyll and Bute council area, Scotland (OS grid ref NN8603).	A small village in North Wraxall parish, Wiltshire (OS grid ref ST8375).	A suburb of Plymouth, Devon (OS grid ref SX4656).	A suburban area in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton, Merseyside (OS grid ref SJ3398).	A topographic surname from Middle English for someone who lived near a ford.	A town in Taylor County, Wisconsin.	A village and civil parish in Arun district, West Sussex (OS grid ref TQ0003).	A village and civil parish west of Shrewsbury, Shropshire (OS grid ref SJ4113).	A village in Laverstock parish, near Salisbury, Wiltshire (OS grid ref SU1533).	An extinct town in Bartow County, Georgia.	An unincorporated community in Clark County, Kentucky.	An unincorporated community in Dinwiddie County, Virginia.	An unincorporated community in Stevens County, Washington.
Ford	noun	A make of car, named for Henry Ford, or a car (or other vehicle) of this make.
Dick	name	A diminutive of the male given name Richard, also used as a formal given name.	A surname transferred from the given name.
clown	noun	A clownfish.	A man of coarse nature and manners; an awkward fellow; an illbred person; a boor.	A person who acts in a silly fashion.	A slapstick performance artist often associated with a circus and usually characterized by bright, oversized clothing, a red nose, face paint, and a brightly colored wig.	A stupid person.	One who works upon the soil; a rustic; a churl; a yokel.
clown	verb	To act in a silly or playful fashion.	To ridicule, make fun of.
Eve	name	A conventional name for an agent attempting to intercept a message sent by Alice that is intended for Bob.	A female given name from Hebrew.	An English surname.	An unincorporated community in Kentucky, United States.	An unincorporated community in Missouri, United States.	An unspecified primordial woman, from whom many or all people are descended.	The first woman and mother of the human race; Adam's wife.
Big		
attain	verb	To come or arrive, by motion, growth, bodily exertion, or efforts toward a place, object, state, etc.	To gain (an object or desired result).	To get at the knowledge of.	To reach a person after being behind them.	To reach in excellence or degree.	To reach or come to, by progression or motion; to arrive at (a place, time, state, etc.).
theatre	noun	A cinema; movie theatre.	Alternative spelling of theater.
intellectual	adj	Endowed with intellect; having a keen sense of understanding; having the capacity for higher forms of knowledge or thought; characterized by intelligence or cleverness	Pertaining to, or performed by, the intellect; mental or cognitive.	Relating to the understanding; treating of the mind.	Spiritual.	Suitable for exercising one's intellect; perceived by the intellect
intellectual	noun	An intelligent, learned person, especially one who discourses about learned matters.	The intellect or understanding; mental powers or faculties.
reluctantly	adv	In a reluctant or hesitant manner.
custody	noun	An area under the jurisdiction of a custos within the Order of Friars Minor.	Temporary possession or care of somebody else's property.	The legal right to take care of something or somebody, especially children.	The state of being imprisoned or detained, usually pending a trial.
neutral	adj	Favoring neither the supporting nor opposing viewpoint of a topic of debate; unbiased.	Having a pH of or near 7, neither acidic nor alkaline.	Having an alignment that is situated between two notable possibilities, such as between good and evil, or between chaotic and lawful.	Having no obvious colour; gray.	Having no sex; neuter.	Neither beneficial nor harmful.	Neither positive nor negative.	Neither positive nor negative; possessing no charge or equivalent positive and negative charge such that there is no imbalance.	Not taking sides in a conflict such as war; nonaligned.	Of an alcoholic drink, having been fermented and distilled but with no additives.
neutral	noun	A neutral hue.	A nonaligned state, or a member of such a state.	A person who takes no side in a dispute.	An electrical terminal or conductor which has zero or close to zero voltage with respect to the ground.	An individual or entity serving as an arbitrator or adjudicator.	The position of a set of gears in which power cannot be transmitted to the drive mechanism.
strive	verb	To struggle in opposition; to be in contention or dispute; to contend; to contest.	To try to achieve a result; to make strenuous effort; to try earnestly and persistently.	To vie; to compete as a rival.
strive	noun	Alternative form of strife.
eyesight	noun	View or the range of vision.	Vision or the faculty of sight.
triangle	noun	A draughtsman's square in the form of a right-angled triangle.	A frame formed of three poles stuck in the ground and united at the top, to which people were bound for corporal punishment.	A love triangle.	A percussion instrument made by forming a metal rod into a triangular shape which is open at one angle. It is suspended from a string and hit with a metal bar to make a resonant sound.	A polygon with three sides and three angles.	A set square.	A triangular formation of railway tracks, with a curve on at least one side.	A triangular piece of equipment used for gathering the balls into the formation required by the game being played.	Any of various large papilionid butterflies of the genus Graphium.	The structure of systems composed with three interrelated objects.
nervously	adv	In a nervous manner; feeling or displaying nervousness.
earring	noun	A piece of jewelry worn on the ear.	Alternative form of earing (“a manufacturing defect in which the edges of sheet metal form a wave pattern during deep drawing”).
Hungarian	adj	Of or relating to Hungarian notation.	Of, from, or pertaining to present-day Hungary, the ethnic Hungarian people or the Hungarian language.	Of, from, or pertaining to the Kingdom of Hungary, during the days of the Austro-Hungarian Empire, regardless of ethnicity.
Hungarian	noun	A person from present-day Hungary or of ethnic Hungarian descent.	A person from the former Kingdom of Hungary, during the Austro-Hungarian Empire, regardless of that person's ethnicity.	Hungarian notation.	The main language of Hungary.
2013		
typewriter	noun	A device, at least partially mechanical, used to print text by pressing keys that cause type to be impressed through an inked ribbon onto paper.	A machine gun or submachine gun (from the noise it makes when firing).	A prank in which fingers are jabbed roughly onto someone's chest followed by striking them over the ear in imitation of using an old-fashioned typewriter.	One who uses a typewriter; a typist.
obligation	noun	A course of action imposed by society, law, or conscience by which someone is bound or restricted.	A legal agreement stipulating a specified action or forbearance by a party to the agreement; the document containing such agreement.	A social, legal, or moral requirement, duty, contract, or promise that compels someone to follow or avoid a particular course of action.	Reason for being obliged to, that is, grateful for, something.	The act of binding oneself by a social, legal, or moral tie to someone.
palm	noun	A branch or leaf of the palm, anciently borne or worn as a symbol of victory or rejoicing.	A metallic disk attached to a strap and worn in the palm of the hand; used to push the needle through the canvas, in sewing sails, etc.	Any of 23 awards that can be earned after obtaining the Eagle Scout rank, but generally only before turning 18 years old.	Any of various evergreen trees from the family Palmae or Arecaceae, which are mainly found in the tropics.	Any of various units of length notionally derived from the length of the palm from the wrist to the base of the fingers.	Synonym of hand, any of various units of length notionally derived from the breadth of the palm, formalized in England as 4 inches and now chiefly used for the height of horses	The broad flattened part of an antler, as of a full-grown fallow deer; so called as resembling the palm of the hand with its protruding fingers.	The corresponding part of the forefoot of a nonprimate mammal.	The flat inner face of an anchor fluke.	The inner and somewhat concave part of the human hand or other primate hand that extends from the wrist to the bases of the fingers.	Triumph; victory.
palm	verb	To bribe.	To hold or conceal something in the palm of the hand, e.g., for an act of sleight of hand or to steal something.	To hold something without bending the fingers significantly.	To move something with the palm of the hand.	To use one's palm as identification to get through a door or security checkpoint.
bloody	adj	Badly behaved; unpleasant; beastly.	Characterised by bloodshed.	Covered in blood.	Used as an intensifier.
bloody	adv	Used to express anger, annoyance, or shock, or for emphasis.
bloody	verb	To demonstrably harm (the cause of an opponent).	To draw blood from (one's opponent) in a fight.	To stain with blood.
bloody	noun	bloody mary
earnest	noun	A sum of money paid in advance as a deposit; hence, a pledge, a guarantee, an indication of something to come.	Gravity; serious purpose; earnestness.	Seriousness; reality; actuality (as opposed to joking or pretence)
earnest	verb	To be serious with; use in earnest.	second-person singular simple present indicative of earn
earnest	adj	Focused in the pursuit of an objective; honestly eager to obtain or do.	Intent; focused; showing a lot of concentration.	Possessing or characterised by seriousness.	Serious, sincere, ingenuous.	Serious; weighty; of a serious, weighty, or important nature; important.	Strenuous; diligent.
championship	noun	A competition to determine a champion, especially the final of a series of competitions.	Defense or support of some cause.	The position of champion, or winner.
evident	adj	Obviously true by simple observation.
risky	adj	Dangerous, involving risks.	Misspelling of risqué.
Portugal	name	A country in Southern Europe, on the Iberian Peninsula. Official name: Portuguese Republic. Capital and largest city: Lisbon.
Portugal	noun	A Portuguese person.
beneath	adv	Below or underneath.
beneath	prep	Below.	Covered up or concealed by something.	In a position that is lower in rank, dignity, etc.
diligence	noun	A four-wheeled public stage-coach, widely used in France before the general establishment of the railways.	Carefulness, in particular, the necessary care appropriate to a particular task or responsibility.	Steady application; industry; careful work involving long-term effort.	The process by which persons, lands, or effects are seized for debt; process for enforcing the attendance of witnesses or the production of writings.	The qualities of a hard worker, including conscientiousness, determination, and perseverance.
peak	noun	A local maximum of a function, e.g. for sine waves, each point at which the value of y is at its maximum.	A point; the sharp end or top of anything that terminates in a point; as, the peak, or front, of a cap.	Alternative form of peag (“wampum”).	The extremity of an anchor fluke; the bill.	The highest value reached by some quantity in a time period.	The narrow part of a vessel's bow, or the hold within it.	The top, or one of the tops, of a hill, mountain, or range, ending in a point.	The upper aftermost corner of a fore-and-aft sail.	The whole hill or mountain, especially when isolated.	visor (horizontal part of a cap sticking out in front and shading the wearer's eyes)
peak	verb	Ellipsis of peak trans.	Misspelling of pique.	To acquire sharpness of figure or features; hence, to look thin or sickly.	To become sick or wan.	To exceed the maximum signal amplitude of (a piece of equipment), resulting in clipping of the signal.	To pry; to peep slyly.	To raise the point of (a gaff) closer to perpendicular.	To reach a highest degree or maximum.	To rise or extend into a peak or point; to form, or appear as, a peak.
peak	adj	At the greatest extent; maximum.	Bad.	Maximal, quintessential, archetypical, strictly with positive connotations; representing the culmination of its type.	Unlucky; unfortunate.	Very good or high-quality.
association	noun	A benevolent overseas Chinese organization of popular origin for overseas Chinese individuals with the same surname, geographical origin, location, trade or business.	A group of persons associated for a common purpose; an organization; society.	Any relationship between two measured quantities that renders them statistically dependent (but not necessarily causal or a correlation).	Relationship between classes of objects that allows one object instance to cause another to perform an action on its behalf.	The act of associating.	The state of being associated; a connection to or an affiliation with something.
situate	verb	To place on or into a physical location.	To place or put into an intangible place or position, such as social, ethical, fictional, etc.
situate	adj	Situated.	Situated; located.
oak	noun	A deciduous tree with distinctive deeply lobed leaves, acorns, and notably strong wood, typically of England and northeastern North America, included in genus Quercus.	A rich brown color, like that of oak wood.	Any tree of other genera and species of trees resembling typical oaks of genus Quercus in some ways.	Any tree of the genus Quercus, in family Fagaceae.	Lagunaria, white oak, in family Malvaceae	The flavor of oak.	The outer (lockable) door of a set of rooms in a college or similar institution. (Often in the phrase sport one's oak.)	The she-oaks in Allocasuarina and Casuarina, of family Casuarinaceae	The wood of the oak.	Toxicodendron, poison oak, in family Anacardiaceae	Various species called silky oak, in family Proteaceae	Various tanbark oak or stone oak species in family Fagaceae, genera Lithocarpus and Notholithocarpus.
oak	adj	Having a rich brown color, like that of oak wood.	Made of oak wood or timber.
oak	verb	To expose to oak in order for the oak to impart its flavors.
grin	noun	A smile in which the lips are parted to reveal the teeth.	A snare; a gin.
grin	verb	To express by grinning.	To grin as part of producing a particular facial expression, such as a smile or sneer.	To show the teeth, like a snarling dog.	To smile, parting the lips so as to show the teeth.
caution	noun	A careful attention to the probable effects of an act, in order that failure or harm may be avoided.	A formal warning given as an alternative to prosecution in minor cases.	A yellow card.	One who draws attention or causes astonishment by their behaviour.	Prudence when faced with, or when expecting to face, danger; care taken in order to avoid risk or harm.	Security; guaranty; bail.
caution	verb	To give a yellow card	To warn; to alert, advise that caution is warranted.
roar	verb	Generally, of inanimate objects etc., to make a loud resounding noise.	Of animals (especially a lion), to make a loud deep noise.	To be boisterous; to be disorderly.	To cry aloud; to proclaim loudly.	To cry.	To laugh in a particularly loud manner.	To make a loud noise in breathing, as horses do when they have a certain disease.	To make a loud, deep cry, especially from pain, anger, or other strong emotion.	To proceed vigorously.
roar	noun	A long, loud, deep shout, as of rage or laughter, made with the mouth wide open.	A loud resounding noise.	A show of strength or character.	The cry of the lion.	The deep cry of the bull.
overcoat	noun	A heavy garment worn over other clothes, for protection from cold or weather.
overcoat	verb	To apply an exterior coating to.
bankrupt	adj	Destitute of, or wholly lacking a good quality, value, etc. one should possess or once possessed.	In a condition of bankruptcy; unable to pay outstanding debts or meet financial obligations; specifically, having been legally declared insolvent.
bankrupt	verb	To force into bankruptcy.
bankrupt	noun	A trader who secretes himself, or does certain other acts tending to defraud his creditors.	One who becomes unable to pay his or her debts; an insolvent person; a bankruptee.
deadly	adj	Aiming or willing to destroy; implacable; desperately hostile.	Causing death; lethal.	Excellent, awesome, cool.	Subject to death; mortal.	Very accurate (of aiming with a bow, firearm, etc.).	Very boring.
deadly	adv	Extremely, incredibly.	Fatally, mortally.	In a way which suggests death.
rocket	noun	A blunt lance head used in jousting.	A cylindrical projectile that can be fired to a great height through combustion, (specifically) a type of firework of this form, typically exploding with light and colour; a skyrocket.	A leaf vegetable of species Eruca sativa or Eruca vesicaria.	A long vehicle or craft propelled by a rocket engine; a missile or rocket-propelled spacecraft.	A projectile.	A severe reprimand; a telling-off.	A stupid or crazy person.	A very physically attractive woman.	An ace (the playing card).	An engine operating similarly to the pyrotechnic, generating thrust by the expulsion of hot gases; a rocket engine.	Any plant of the genus Eruca.	Figurative uses.	Rocket larkspur (Consolida regalis, syn. Delphinium consolida).	Something that travels high in the air and/or with great speed; especially (sport), a hard shot.
rocket	verb	To accelerate swiftly and powerfully.	To attack something with rockets.	To carry something in a rocket.	To experience sudden fame, popularity, or success.	To fly vertically.	To rise or soar rapidly.
precise	adj	Adhering too much to rules; prim or punctilious.	Both exact and accurate.	Consistent, clustered close together, agreeing with each other (this does not mean that they cluster near the true, correct, or accurate value).
precise	verb	To make or render precise; to specify.
creation	noun	All which exists.	Something created such as an invention or artwork.	The act of creating something.
