の	syllable	The hiragana syllable の (no). Its equivalent in katakana is ノ (no). It is the twenty-fifth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is な行お段 (na-gyō o-dan, “row na, section o”).																									
の	particle	As a separator when reading telephone numbers.	a noun, adverb, or phrase modifier	a sentence ending that indicates emphasis or a question, depending on intonation	genitive case marker	indicates identity or apposition	indicates possession: of, -'s	nominalizes an adjective, verb, or phrase; (with a verb) the act of ... -ing, (with an adjective) the concept of ... -ness	nominative case marker in a relative or subordinate clause	used with bare i-adjective stem																	
の	noun	幅, 布: a unit of measurement for cloth breadth, approximately 36 centimeters	篦: the shaft of an arrow; Pseudosasa japonica (arrow bamboo))																								
だ	syllable	The hiragana syllable だ (da). Its equivalent in katakana is ダ (da).																									
だ	verb	Following parts of speech that do not inflect by themselves, including nouns, na-adjectives, adverbs and postpositional phrases.	Not following any words, but used before some conjunctives or in some inflected forms, to represent the aforementioned statement.	Some forms also follow inflectable words.	should; be obliged to; ought to	to be	だろう / でしょう / なら can follow any inflectable word, forming suppletive volitional/polite volitional/conditional forms.	です follows i-adjectives, as the standard polite terminal form for i-adjectives.																			
だ	pron	who																									
は	syllable	The hiragana syllable は (ha). Its equivalent in katakana is ハ (ha). It is the twenty-sixth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is は行あ段 (ha-gyō a-dan, “row ha, section a”).																									
は	particle	Inserted between two verbs for emphasis.	marks the topic of the clause, sentence, or conversation	what about, how about, and (used without a predicate to ask for more information about something)																							
は	intj	Used to show agreement or obedience: yes																									
た	syllable	The hiragana syllable た (ta). Its equivalent in katakana is タ (ta). It is the sixteenth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is た行あ段 (ta-gyō a-dan, “row ta, section a”).																									
た	suffix	at the end of a sentence:	indicates a past or completed action	indicates speaker's declaration, confirmation, or sudden realization	indicates the realization of a situation that has not realized	indicates the resulting state of an action	makes a light command																				
た	phrase	contraction of とは (to wa)																									
た	particle	synonym of は (wa)																									
を	syllable	The hiragana syllable を (o). Its equivalent in katakana is ヲ (o). It is the forty-seventh syllable in the gojūon order; its position is わ行お段 (wa-gyō o-dan, “row wa, section o”).																									
を	particle	A case particle.	A conjunctive particle, usually following the rentaikei of classical inflectible words.	An accusative case particle: a grammatical marker following the direct object of a verb.	An interjectory particle, expressing sigh or emphasis.	Contrastive conjunction.	Resultative conjunction: expresses reason or cause.	along, following a specified route, track, orbit, etc.	away from, off																		
に	syllable	The hiragana syllable に (ni). Its equivalent in katakana is ニ (ni). It is the twenty-second syllable in the gojūon order; its position is な行い段 (na-gyō i-dan, “row na, section i”).																									
に	particle	adverbializer; -ly	particle for direction; toward, into	particle for indicating the emotional reason that one does something; in	particle for indirect objects; to	particle for location; in, at	particle indicating a passive agent; by	particle indicating a point in time; at	particle indicating purpose/intent; for; to	particle used occasionally to replace と when organizing and counting; and																	
に	suffix	taking after (in appearance)																									
に	verb	Continuative of ず (zu, “auxiliary verb of negation”)	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of にる (niru)																								
て	syllable	The hiragana syllable て (te). Its equivalent in katakana is テ (te). It is the nineteenth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is た行え段 (ta-gyō e-dan, “row ta, section e”).																									
て	suffix	followed by hojodōshi (subsidiary verbs, corresponding to auxiliary verbs in western languages) such as いる (iru), ある (aru), やる (yaru), くれる (kureru), あげる (ageru), もらう (morau), おく (oku), くる (kuru), いく (iku), etc., to make their complement	indicates actions or states that occur successively; do something and	indicates method or state	indicates reason or cause; because doing something	indicates the speaker's opinion or judgment; usually followed by よ (yo)	short for ている (-te iru)	short for てください (-te kudasai) or てくれ (-te kure): makes a light command or request, usually followed by よ (yo) or ね (ne)	simply indicates separate actions or states that occur simultaneously; and	the conjunctive ending, attaching to the ren'yōkei of verbs and adjectives.	used as a contrastive conjunction; do something but	used in sentence-final position, an extension of the conjunctive particle above and simply omitting any following words; usually takes the form って when attaching to adjectives	used in the form …て…て (… te … te) to show emphasis or repetition	used to seek opinion or ask a question	ては (-te wa) and ても (-te mo) make conditional clauses												
て	particle	alternative form of the quotative particle って (tte), used after ん (n)																									
が	syllable	The hiragana syllable が (ga). Its equivalent in katakana is ガ (ga).																									
が	particle	but	indicates the subject of a verb	possessive used to connect nouns, most often seen in place names as ヶ; 's	sentence ending particle that indicates emphasis or a question	used after interjected nouns to express contempt	used to introduce a new topic into the discussion																				
？																											
.																											
為る																											
ない	suffix	Used to form the negative of verbs: not, don't	used to form derivative -i adjectives from other terms: having that quality, having that state; very much that quality or state																								
ない	adj	no, not any, without	not reaching a certain quantity, less than	亡い: passed away, dead																							
と	syllable	The hiragana syllable と (to). Its equivalent in katakana is ト (to). It is the twentieth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is た行お段 (ta-gyō o-dan, “row ta, section o”).																									
と	particle	a particle following a phrase or clause describing the detail, content or manner of the action, similar to a complement, and usually found after dialogue, whether spoken or thought.	and	can be attached to some adverbs to (slightly) highlight the explanatory nature of the adverb	if (when appended to a dictionary-form verb and followed by a present-tense sentence)	sentence ending particle that indicates emphasis or a question	when (when appended to a dictionary form verb and followed by a past-tense sentence)	when used with the same verb twice, used to mean "every"; constructed using the ren'yōkei first, followed by the rentaikei	with																		
と	noun	short for と金 (tokin): a promoted 歩兵 (fuhyō, “pawn”) that moves like a 金将 (kinshō, “gold general”)																									
か	syllable	The hiragana syllable か (ka). Its equivalent in katakana is カ (ka). It is the sixth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is か行あ段 (ka-gyō a-dan, “row ka, section a”).																									
か	particle	disjunctive particle; "or"	indefinite particle; "some-"	indication of doubt	interrogative or rhetorical question particle, similar to a question mark ("?").	whether (or not)	カ, ヵ: Used to mark uncertainty in non-conversation factual statements, such as data or proofreading																				
か	prefix	very																									
か	suffix	forms 形容動詞 (keiyō dōshi, “-na adjectives”) from stems, indicating the state or feeling of an object																									
-	punct	A romanization of the ー (long vowel mark).																									
-	character	Visual rendering of Morse code for ム.																									
で	syllable	The hiragana syllable で (de). Its equivalent in katakana is デ (de).																									
で	particle	at: indicating a location at which something happens	in: indicating the containing by something	sentence-ending particle signifying emphasis	with, by, using: indicating the means by or with which something happens																						
で	adv	indicating the following sentence is a consequence of something previously stated: and then; therefore																									
で	verb	is/am/are ... and: the て-form or conjunctive form of だ (da)																									
で	suffix	Attaches to the 未然形 (mizenkei, “irrealis or incomplete form”) of verbs to form the negative conjunctive, equivalent to the modern ないで (-naide) or ずに (-zuni).																									
も	syllable	The hiragana syllable も (mo). Its equivalent in katakana is モ (mo). It is the thirty-fifth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is ま行お段 (ma-gyō o-dan, “row ma, section o”).																									
も	particle	Used to emphasize amounts.	all; every	even	too; also; as well																						
も	noun	喪: mourning	最: most	藻: algae	裳: clothes	面: mask, face, surface																					
てる	suffix	contraction of ている (-te iru)																									
！																											
、	punct	comma																									
居る																											
よ	syllable	The hiragana syllable よ (yo). Its equivalent in katakana is ヨ (yo). It is the thirty-eighth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is や行お段 (ya-gyō o-dan, “row ya, section o”).																									
よ	particle	Indicates certainty, conviction, or emphasis.	Used as a vocative particle to address the topic in question: O.																								
よ	suffix	余: over, more than																									
よ	noun	世: world, society	夜: night, evening	預: deposit, in advance																							
よ	pron	予, 余: I, me																									
何	character	what																									
何	intj	what?, huh?																									
何	pron	that thing (used in place of words you can't remember at the moment.)	what																								
何	adv	any, whatsoever, at all	what for? why?																								
何	prefix	indeterminate prefix, used to form question words	many (used with a counter)	what number, how many (used with a counter)																							
私	pron	first-person singular pronoun: I, me																									
私	noun	a brother-in-law	a personal or private matter	privacy, secrecy	selfishness																						
私	affix	personal, private	secret																								
ます	suffix	expresses politeness toward and distance from the listener: vaguely similar to the social context indicated by the usted verb conjugation in Spanish, the vous conjugation in French, or the Sie conjugation in German	to do; expresses humbleness																								
です	verb	indicates politeness	polite form of だ (da), after uninflecting parts of speech: to be																								
事	affix	thing	to serve, to work for	work, job, business																							
。	punct	. (full stop or period, marking the end of a sentence)																									
から	particle	after (following て-form verbs)	because, (following adjectives and verbs) as a result of; therefore, so	beginning with	from, out of	from; beginning with	since (following て-form verbs)																				
言う	verb	to call, to name, to give a name	to cry, to call, to make a noise (such as an animal)	to say, to tell somebody																							
「																											
有る																											
無い	adj	first in occurrence	no; nonexistent	not possessed or unavailable for one to use; not having	not yet come, (expected but) not arrived																						
彼	pron	by extension from he: boyfriend	distal demonstrative, something far off removed from both speaker and listener: that, yon	particularly, male personal third person pronoun: he	third person pronoun: he, she																						
其れ																											
貴方	pron	you (used to address someone of equal social footing)	your house, your residence																								
ね	syllable	The hiragana syllable ね (ne). Its equivalent in katakana is ネ (ne). It is the twenty-fourth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is な行え段 (na-gyō e-dan, “row na, section e”).																									
ね	particle	emphasis and question marker particle; asks for confirmation; right?; eh?; isn't it, innit?	meaningless filler particle, which may also have a softening effect when introducing information; well...; you see...	particle that softens a request, or conveys friendliness; okay?; please?																							
ね	intj	I know, right?	please?	used to catch listener’s attention; hey																							
・	punct	used for "spaces" in transcriptions, or as other separators	used to denote accent phrase boundaries (アクセント句(く) (akusento-ku))	used to separate furigana from okurigana when giving kanji readings in some dictionaries																							
良い	adj	enough; not wanted any more.	good																								
良い	suffix	easy																									
な	syllable	The hiragana syllable な (na). Its equivalent in katakana is ナ (na). It is the twenty-first syllable in the gojūon order; its position is な行あ段 (na-gyō a-dan, “row na, section a”).																									
な	intj	used to get someone's attention, generally carries neutral or slightly positive connotations																									
な	particle	copula particle used after 形容動詞 (keiyōdōshi, often referred to in English teaching texts as -na adjective, literally “adjective verb”) to make them function as adjectives: that is; that are	indicates prohibition: don't	sentence-final particle indicating emotion or mild emphasis																							
な	suffix	indicates an imperative statement or command: do																									
わ	syllable	The hiragana syllable わ (wa). Its equivalent in katakana is ワ (wa). It is the forty-fourth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is わ行あ段 (wa-gyō a-dan, “row wa, section a”).																									
わ	particle	a particle used in the end of sentences to indicate admiration or emotion	a particle used in the end of sentences to indicate emphasis																								
れる	suffix	by extension of the indirect sense of the passive, used to add a light honorific sense to verbs	forms a passive verb from an active one	forms a potential verb from an active one: to be able to	indicates a spontaneous action																						
そう	adv	so, like that, in such a way, such																									
そう	intj	yes, yeah; it's like that; that's how it is; I see. (interjection to show that the speaker is paying attention)																									
そう	suffix	apparently, heard that (relating something heard from someone or somewhere else)	seem, seem like, appear																								
ず	syllable	The hiragana syllable ず (zu). Its equivalent in katakana is ズ (zu).																									
ず	suffix	not doing																									
御	character	an honorific prefix, indicates respect, your	control	govern	protect	royal, imperial, godly																					
御	prefix	added to gods and other spiritually important things	added to nouns to indicate godlike respect	indicates that the [word] is honorific; often used to indicate that the [word] belongs or is related to the listener (as opposed to the speaker)	prefixed to make an honorific kanji compound, especially used to indicate that the [word] belongs or is related to the emperor and/or the equivalents	美, 深: (honorific, archaic) added to placenames to emphasize beauty																					
御	suffix	indicates that the [word] is familiar to the speaker and slightly honorific	suffixed to make an honorific kanji compound which means the action belongs or is related to the emperor and/or the equivalents																								
御	noun	a coachman	a lady	equestrianism, horseriding	form of address to a woman or a court lady: my Lady	serving nearby (to an aristocrat, etc.)																					
御	affix	alternative spelling of 禦 (gyo): defend, protect	control (a machine, etc.)	govern, rule	servant																						
来る	verb	to come (toward the speaker/writer)	to come and stimulate	to come, to arrive	to happen to do something, to come to do something	when it comes to																					
成る																											
どう	adv	in what manner, how	what about... (used to make a suggestion)																								
どう	intj	Call out to horses or cows to control/stop them: Ho! Hoy! Whoa!	Casual greeting: Howdy? What's new? What's up?	Casual question: It works? Is it OK?																							
行く	verb	After the て-form of a verb:	to age	to be delivered	to continue to do something; to go on to do something	to depart	to go well	to go; to come to one's place	to gradually do something	to rely (on a method)	イく: (slang) to have an orgasm, to come, to cum																
分かる																											
俺	pron	I, me	you																								
君	character	form of address to fellow colleagues or inferiors	king, lord, ruler	person of high rank																							
君	noun	a lord	a master	a nobleman or other person of high(er) rank	a prostitute	a ruler of a country	an emperor	one of the hereditary titles bestowed to local chiefs in ancient Japan																			
君	pron	second person personal pronoun: you	second-person personal pronoun: you, thou	term of respect to another person																							
君	suffix	indicates familiarity	indicates respect	suffix for boys' names																							
見る	verb	to look over, to examine, to judge	to see, to watch, to observe, to look at something	to take care of, to look after, to keep an eye on somebody	to view something, like paintings, flowers or a movie	みる: (after the te form of a verb) to try to do (literally, “[do the preceding verb and] see”)																					
様	character	certain form or way	condition, state	design, pattern	indicates humbleness or politeness																						
様	noun	way, style, appearance																									
様	adj	I hope; I pray; may	be like, look like, seem like, as if, having the likeness of																								
様	name	a female given name																									
達	suffix	attached to the name of the representative of a group to refer to that whole group	honorific suffix	plural marker																							
此れ																											
遣る																											
出来る																											
呉れる																											
たい	suffix	Expressing a wish of the speaker: I hope that; I wish that	Used to form the desiderative of verbs: want (to do); hope (to do)																								
たい	particle	sentence-ending particle indicating emphasis																									
知る	verb	to be acquainted with, to know (someone)	to care in the least about, to be concerned with,	to know, be aware of	to learn, acquire,																						
此処																											
人	noun	a person, human	a personality	an adult	an average person	an individual	character, personality	legal person	mankind, people	someone (else)	the role of that person	ヒト: (sciences, specifically) Homo sapiens; human															
人	pron	second-person personal pronoun: you																									
人	counter	counter for number of people																									
人	affix	man	short for 人造 (jinzō): artificial, synthetic																								
人	suffix	person from that group	person who does the activity of the suffixed word																								
思う	verb	to long for, to yearn for	to think that	to think, to deem, to imagine, ponder, to speculate																							
）																											
此の	noun	genitive of 此 (kore, “this”)																									
彼女	pron	Female third-person singular pronoun; she, her	Used as a second-person singular pronoun to an unknown young woman by a man, especially in the vocative mood in a vulgar way.																								
彼女	noun	a girlfriend (a female partner in a romantic relationship)																									
（																											
等	character	a pluralizer	equal	et cetera																							
等	adv	et cetera	et cetera, that kind of thing, and so on																								
等	suffix	et cetera, that kind of thing, and so on	pluralizer	qualifier, softener: around, about	rank, class, order																						
御前	noun	a noble character, such as a master, lord or god	synonym of 前 (mae, “front”)																								
誰	pron	interrogative personal pronoun: who, whom	someone, anyone																								
其の																											
物	noun	a corporeal object	alternative form of 物 (mono, “thing”)	thing	thing (concrete, tangible)																						
物	suffix	story, genre (type of story)																									
物	prefix	indeed; really; very	somehow or other																								
物	affix	thing																									
せる	suffix	Expresses causation: to make ... do ...																									
せる	verb	stative of する (suru, “to do”), in the adnominal conjugation																									
ば	syllable	The hiragana syllable ば (ba). Its equivalent in katakana is バ (ba).																									
ば	particle	In Modern Japanese, attaches to the kateikei, and in Classical Japanese, attaches to the izenkei, to express the precondition for something to happen: if; when	In Modern Japanese, attaches to the kateikei, and in Classical Japanese, attaches to the izenkei, to express the reason or cause: because; as	In Modern Japanese, attaches to the kateikei, and in Classical Japanese, attaches to the mizenkei, to express the hypothetical condition: if	In the form mizenkei + ば (ba) + meireikei on the same verb: it doesn't matter if …; may as well	In the form …ば…ほど (… ba … hodo): the more …, the more	Links sentences parallel in meaning. The sentences usually incorporate a も (mo): … and …	object marker																			
今	character	now; at present																									
今	adv	just now	now	soon																							
今	noun	just now	now; present																								
今	prefix	this																									
今	name	a surname																									
さん	suffix	attaching to nouns or other nominals: a politeness marker that often has no direct translation, replacing copula です (desu)	title used after a person's name (family, given or full) or job title, or a company name, to show respect; Mr, Ms, Mrs, Miss	used after a shop name																							
もう	adv	Used to strengthen one's judgment or emotions; compare English already	already (having reached a certain situation or finished a certain action)	already the time to do so; shortly, soon	any more, again	more, further																					
もう	intj	Used to express frustration against the addressee; jeez; compare use of English already																									
為	noun	a fingering method for playing the 尺八 (shakuhachi, “Japanese endblown flute”)	the twelfth string on a 箏 (koto, “Japanese zither”)																								
為	affix	do, perform, carry out																									
だけ	particle	in a negative, limiting sense: only, just, limit	in a positive, non-limiting sense: amount, as much as																								
僕	character	I (masculine speech)	manservant																								
僕	noun	a low-ranking civil servant	a man of low social status, a follower of someone else	manservant, servant																							
僕	pron	I; me (personal pronoun; usually used by males; implies that the speaker is a young boy or otherwise boyish)	you, he, she (only used in reference to a person who uses this term to refer to themselves, or is one who is assumed to use it, such as a young boy)																								
者	noun	alternative form of 者 (mono, “person”)	person																								
者	suffix	someone of that type, someone who does that																									
聞く	verb	to obey	to smell, sniff	聞く, 聴く: to hear, to listen	聞く, 訊く: to ask a question																						
前	character	before	in front																								
前	noun	previous	the front	the past																							
前	suffix	a portion, an amount	ago	an honorific suffix added to a noun denoting a person	before	makes place names that refer to the vicinity of a point of interest																					
前	counter	counter for irregularly shaped objects such as desks, armrests, and serving trays	counter for kami and shrines																								
前	prefix	pre- (of an era)	the last, the previous																								
何処																											
後	character	behind, after																									
後	noun	descendants, offspring	instead, in place of	later time, afterwards, some time after the present	later, afterwards, some time after the present	memory of the deceased; one's virtue that remains after death	successor	the back, the rear, behind	the next person or thing	the portion of a palace where a queen or other female imperial consort lives	the rear, back, or backside of something	the rearward or backward direction	the rest; certain part, space or thing left	time after death	wife of remarriage												
後	adv	later, after, from now on																									
後	conj	afterwards, then																									
後	suffix	after																									
後	prefix	latter	prefixing element in kanji compounds, adding a meaning of later, after, following, rearward																								
?																											
ぞ	syllable	The hiragana syllable ぞ (zo). Its equivalent in katakana is ゾ (zo).																									
ぞ	particle	a particle used as a suffix to an interrogative word to mark it indefinite.	a particle used at the end of sentences, which indicates certainty, emphasis or even a warning or a threat.	a particle which makes a question emphasized or rhetorical, used at the end of a sentence or appended to an interrogative word.	topic particle used for emphasis																						
時	noun	a season	a tense	a time of something	an event, case, occasion, moment; a specific period in time	only used in 時過ぐ (sada sugu): to pass through the prime of life, grow old	the time during which a narrative takes place	time																			
時	suffix	at the time of...	time of..., time for...																								
時	name	a female given name																									
時	counter	hour, o’clock																									
時	affix	at that time, chance, occasion	hour, hourly	time, moment																							
殺す	verb	to kill, to put to death	to ruin, to spoil	to suppress, to stifle																							
けれど	conj	informal form of けれども (keredomo)																									
けれど	particle	informal form of けれども (keredomo)																									
って	particle	he/she/I/they/we said: a type of verbal quotation mark used for direct and indirect quotes, also similar to that when used as a coordinating conjunction	used to emphasize a word																								
って	intj	Used to draw attention to something objectionable in a discussion.																									
られる	suffix	Forms a light honorific expression.	Makes the passive voice.	Makes the potential form; -able, -ible	Shows a spontaneous action.																						
まで	particle	until, up to, as far as																									
気	character	24-week-period in a year	atmosphere	breath	condition, sign, state	disease	feeling, mood	gas	spirit																		
気	noun	a sign	air, gas	feeling, sense	inclination, will, mood, urge	spirit, mood																					
気	prefix	somehow; for some reason; seeming to be																									
気	suffix	air, nature, disposition, sense																									
へ	syllable	The hiragana syllable へ (he). Its equivalent in katakana is ヘ (he). It is the twenty-ninth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is は行え段 (ha-gyō e-dan, “row ha, section e”).																									
へ	particle	to, towards (indicates a destination or movement toward something)																									
へ	noun	屁: a fart, gas, wind	戸: a house; a household	瓮: a jar, a jug	竈: a cooking stove	綜: a heddle of a loom	舳: the prow of a boat or ship	辺, 方: a place, a location; nearby	重: division																		
必要	adj	needed, necessary																									
必要	noun	need, necessity																									
さ	syllable	The hiragana syllable さ (sa). Its equivalent in katakana is サ (sa). It is the eleventh syllable in the gojūon order; its position is さ行あ段 (sa-gyō a-dan, “row sa, section a”).																									
さ	pron	third person personal pronoun; they																									
さ	suffix	-ness																									
さ	particle	filler particle similar to ね (ne)	sentence-ending particle indicating emphasis	sentence-ending particle indicating familiarity or assertion	to																						
皆	affix	all; every																									
ああ	adv	in that other way																									
ああ	intj	expresses a calm positive response: yeah	expresses a grunt or pain	expresses affirmation	expresses surprise	oh!, ah!	used to call attention																				
我々	pron	we; us																									
中	noun	a 役 (yaku, “winning hand combination”) with a meld of red dragon tiles, worth 1 翻 (han, “double”)	an average, neither good nor poor mark	short for 紅中 (honchun): a red dragon tile	the middle, medium	the second volume of a three-volume set																					
中	affix	among (friends, company, etc.)	center, middle	hitting (the center, mark, etc.)	medium, intermediate, middle(-level)	neutral, middle	short for 中国 (Chūgoku): China, Chinese	short for 中学生 (chūgakusei): junior high school student	within (a specific range)																		
中	suffix	all over, everywhere	during, in the course of, throughout	during..., being in the process of doing...																							
中	name	a female given name	a surname																								
持つ	verb	to have, to possess	to hold up, to maintain	to hold, to carry something																							
死ぬ	verb	to become lifeless, to lack vitality, to show a lack of vigor	to die	to die, to perish, to cease to be anymore																							
待つ	verb	to wait for, to await																									
奴	character	a thing, an object; (derogatory, familiar) a person																									
つ	syllable	The hiragana syllable つ (tsu). Its equivalent in katakana is ツ (tsu). It is the eighteenth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is た行う段 (ta-gyō u-dan, “row ta, section u”).																									
つ	suffix	indicates affirmation	indicates certainty	indicates the completion of an action	shows parallel action																						
つ	particle	genitive or possessive marker																									
つ	counter	suffixed to Japanese numerals hito-, futa-, mi-, ... , kokono-, used to count almost anything																									
つ	symbol	Representing a hand handing something over.																									
所	counter	places																									
所	prefix	forms passive participles																									
所	suffix	place																									
所	noun	Attaches to verbs to form noun phrases, meaning the object of that verb.	a figurative place that facilitates or promotes something; a point in time or state of affairs	a place, a scene, a site; an address	a state of being	about to	alternative form of 所 (tokoro)	at that point in time, upon	indicates the current state, or how you have progressed so far in a chain of actions	just																	
所	affix	place																									
何故																											
話す	verb	to speak (a language)	to talk (about something); to speak (on a subject); to converse																								
そして	conj	and, and then	like that	thus, and now																							
大丈夫	noun	a man of class; a great man																									
大丈夫	adj	all right, unbroken, still working	all right; okay; in good health; uninjured	certain, correct, certifiable	indifferent, unconcerned	no thank you																					
出る	verb	to answer (the phone or door)	to come forth, to be or become apparent, to appear	to go out	to leave a place	to make an appearance, to appear	出る, 射精る: (vulgar, specifically of semen) to exit the penis during ejaculation																				
会う	verb	to come across, meet by accident, bump into	to gather, to come together	to meet with, see, meet again or for the first time	to receive guests etc.																						
止める	verb	to abolish, to do away with	to bear in mind	to focus on	to forbid, to hinder	to park	to set in place	to stop	to stop, to terminate, to cease, to discontinue, to quit	to write as a thrown stroke to the bottom right (㇔)																	
本当	adj	true, proper, real																									
本当	noun	truth, reality																									
全て	adv	at all, completely	entirely, completely; all	in general, approximately																							
全て	noun	everything, all																									
一	character	a certain one	one (number)	only, nothing but	slight	the first, the best	unify, all																				
一	num	one, 1																									
一	noun	a kind of; one of something	an ace	one	one, 1	term relating to the number one:	the beginning	the best	the bottom string of a shamisen or other Japanese musical instrument	the first in order, foremost	the same	unity															
一	suffix	the best in …; the most in …																									
一	affix	best, number one	bunch, bundle	certain one	entirely, wholly	first, foremost	group	merely, only	once	one, 1	other																
一	name	a female given name	a surname	a unisex given name																							
一	prefix	a bit	a certain time	all	an instance of (an event)	one, single																					
何時	pron	what time, when																									
話	character	tale, story	talk, conversation																								
話	noun	a topic; a subject; that which is spoken about	lecture; speech	negotiation; consultation; discussion	rumors; rumours	story; tale; narrative	talking; speaking; speech; conversation																				
話	counter	Counter for episodes of TV shows.	Counter for stories.																								
自分	noun	first-person pronoun: I, me (often shows the speaker's lower position in a hierarchy than the addressee)	oneself	you																							
未だ	adv	Indicating a choice is not good enough but still slightly better than others; would rather	Indicating it hasn't been a long time since something happened; only	not yet, still not, never yet	still, continuing to the present	yet, still																					
未だ	adj	somewhat better or superior	unfinished; not done																								
時間	noun	hour	the hours or time when something happens	time																							
時間	counter	an hour-long period																									
唯	affix	only, solely	polite particle used to respond to elders: yes																								
唯	name	a female given name	a surname																								
唯	intj	polite particle used to respond to elders: yes																									
手	noun	a hand	a handle, grip	a move, play	a paw, foreleg	a way of acting, means	handwriting; style of calligraphy of an individual																				
手	prefix	strengthens the prefixed adjective or adjectival noun																									
手	suffix	counter for moves in shogi, go, etc.	one who does the previous word's action: -ist, -er																								
手	affix	hand	handicraft, skill, talent	handwork	one who does an action: -ist, -er																						
戻る	verb	to come back	to go back	to return																							
」																											
其処																											
方	character	alternative	direction	person	square																						
方	noun	direction, way, side	more so (preceded by ～の, often followed by ～が)	person																							
方	suffix	a suffix expressing location, direction, or time	way, method (of doing)																								
!																											
的	suffix	-ive, -like, -ish, -ic, -ical, -y, kind of, sort of																									
的	affix	bright, clear	target																								
的	noun	a target, a mark, a bullseye	an archery target	an objective, an object (of doing something)																							
行う	verb	to perform; to do; to conduct oneself; to carry out																									
取る																											
否	character	negate	no																								
否	noun	no																									
彼の	adnominal	his, of him																									
年	counter	years																									
年	noun	a grain harvest, a grain crop	a year	age	grain, particularly rice	used to describe the age of someone who should not do things inappropriate for their age																					
年	suffix	a grade, a school year	a year	used to count years																							
そんな	adj	like that; that kind of																									
そんな	intj	Expression of disbelief, 'no (way)', 'impossible', 'it can't be', 'I don't believe it'.																									
や	syllable	The hiragana syllable や (ya). Its equivalent in katakana is ヤ (ya). It is the thirty-sixth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is や行あ段 (ya-gyō a-dan, “row ya, section a”).																									
や	particle	and/or (inclusive)	sentence-ending exclamatory particle	upon																							
や	verb	to be																									
や	adj	alternative form of いや (iya)																									
や	noun	spoke (of a wheel)																									
日	noun	a (usually unfortunate) case, event, situation	a daily (something done every day)	a day	a 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”) with a sun-shaped design	an auspicious or inauspicious aspect of a given day	short for 日曜日 (nichiyōbi): Sunday	the times (age, era, or time in the past)	the weather	time and date	陽: daytime, daylight	陽: sunlight, sunshine	陽: the sun														
日	counter	daytimes	number of days	ordinal day of a month																							
日	affix	day	daytime, daylight	short for 日向国 (Hyūga-no-kuni): Hyūga Province	short for 日本 (Nihon, Nippon): Japan, Japanese, Nippo-	sun																					
ハイ	noun	a shōchū-based highball																									
下さる	verb	(chiefly in the negative form) to be worthless or boring; to be tasteless	(only used in the following conjunctions below) to do something for the recipient; shows respect from the speaker to the doer	Used after the 〜て form of a verb.	Used either after a native noun prefixed with お (o-) or after a Sino-Japanese noun prefixed with 御 (go-).	classical form of 下される (kudasareru)	to feel great	to give	to receive (particularly food and/or drink)																		
見付ける	verb	to discover, find	to get used to seeing																								
家	noun	a family	a home, household	a house	one's own home																						
家	suffix	an expert, professional, performer	representing relationship to a family																								
違う	verb	another	be contrary to; go against; defy; disobey; violate (a rule)	no, that is wrong / incorrect; that's not how it is	to be different; to differ (from something)																						
直ぐ																											
駄目	adj	inadvisable; not to be done	no good; useless; hopeless																								
駄目	noun	a territory that belongs to neither player when the game ends	synonym of 呼吸点																								
一寸	noun	a short amount of time, distance, or mass	one sun: a unit of length equivalent to a tenth of a 尺 (shaku, traditional Japanese foot as a unit of length), or approximately 3.03 centimeters																								
目	character	chief; head; leader	eye (め, ま, まなこ)	eyesight	face; honor	joint	main part of something (かなめ)	name; appellation	order	right now	subdivision																
目	noun	a playing piece in a board game, such as a stone in the game of go	a point in the game of go	an order in biology: smaller than a class, bigger than a family	experience	short for 賽の目 (sai no me, “dice pip”)	small hole, like those inherent to a net-like material (between the warp and the weft)	visually prominent feature of something:	目, 眼: eye																		
目	suffix	-st, -nd, -rd, or -th, for ordinal numbers (e.g. 8th or eighth, 9th or ninth)	visually prominent feature of something	め: (attached to verb or i-adjective roots to produce na-adjectives, not productive with verbs) to a more exaggerated degree																							
目	affix	eye	look, appearance																								
一緒	adj	combined, merged, unified	same, identical (of two or more things)																								
一緒	noun	combination; a state which is combined	meeting																								
―																											
仕事	noun	a job; an occupation; work	job, work (task)	work, change of energy																							
仕事	verb	to work																									
付ける	verb	apply, put on	attach, affix, stick, fasten, add, add on, append; set, put, put one thing on another	follow, trail, shadow	give, impart, direct, direct one's attention	leave a mark on	provide with an attendant, provide a person with an attendant, place a person in attendance, place a person in attendance on	set, set a price	settle, bring to terms	write, make an entry																	
付ける	suffix	be accustomed to, be used to	give, impart, provide with	perceive, detect	perform an action vigorously, perform an action vehemently																						
男	character	baron	man	son																							
男	noun	a baron	a boy	a husband	a male	a male lover	a male person	a man	a man, an adult male	a manservant	a son	a young man, especially one who reached adulthood	an unmarried young man	homosexuality	something large, powerful, or otherwise masculine	男, 漢: (specifically) a manly man											
男	name	a male given name	a surname																								
つく	verb	付く, 属く, 附く: to stick, to adhere	即く: to ascend (the throne); to accede	吐く: (also はく, haku) to breathe, to tell lies (嘘を吐く, uso wo tsuku), to vomit, to disgorge	就く: to ascend (the throne); to accede; to take (seat, position, course, etc.); to assume; to start (on a journey); to commence; to depart; to study (under teacher)	憑く: to possess; to haunt	搗く, 舂く: to hull (rice, barley, etc.); to pound (rice); to polish (rice); to stamp (ore)	漬く: to be immersed; to be pickled	点く: to be lit (e.g. electricity comes on); to be lighted; to catch fire	着く: to arrive	突く: to thrust	築く: to build; to pile up; to amass	衝く, 撞く: to prick; to stab; to poke; to prod; to push; to thrust; to nudge; to hit; to strike; to use (a cane); to prop oneself up with; to press against (the floor, etc.)														
つく	noun	柄: handle; design; one's character	釻	銑: pig iron																							
考える	verb	consider	contrive	expect	imagine	make up one's mind	meditate	prepare	reflect	think																	
他	noun	another, other, some other	another, other, some other, the rest																								
他	phrase	他(ほか)でもない (hoka de mo nai): “there isn't anything else” → “specifically what I want to say is...” (used to emphasize what one is about to say)																									
度	character	counter for occurrences	degrees	occurrence	time																						
度	noun	degree, extent	diopter	time; whenever																							
度	counter	times																									
度	suffix	-itude	degree in temperature, scale, etc.	degree of an angle	number of times	percentage of alcohol concentration	time																				
若し																											
此方																											
父	noun	God, the Holy Father	a father figure (male initiator or founder of something)	a husband, master of the house	father	one's own father	one's own father: daddy	the head or master of an establishment such as a teahouse, boathouse, etc.																			
父	affix	father	father figure	old man	old man, elderly man	uncle																					
入る	verb	to be a member of a group, set, category	to be contained (in), to be included (in)	to be in a container, building, etc.	to be included and available for use	to enter a period of time	to enter, go into, get into a place or a thing	to go in; to come in	to join a group or organization	to put something into something else	入る, 挿入る: (sex, specifically, of a penis, etc.) to enter	要る: to be necessary, to be required															
出す	verb	to begin, give rise to	to demonstrate, to show	to emit (light), to utter (a sound or a voice)	to permeate	to publish, to make public	to put forth; to show or reveal	to send something, like a letter	to serve	to submit, to turn in	to take out, to get out	出る, 射精す: (vulgar, specifically) to ejaculate															
出す	suffix	out	to begin to do something																								
より	particle	than; rather than; more than; more so than	自り: from, beyond, or past a point in space or time																								
より	adv	more																									
より	noun	leaning	tending towards, leaning towards	twist, something twisted together	twisting																						
より	verb	stem or continuative form of よる (yoru)																									
欲しい																											
有り難う																											
為さる																											
みたい	adj	alternative form of みたい (mitai, na-adjective)	appended after the noun to mean -like, resembling																								
みたい	verb	desiderative form of みる: want to see something; want to try to do something																									
信ずる	verb	believe, put trust in																									
悪い	adj	bad; wicked; evil	harmful; damaging	improper; bad	inferior	sick; unwell; ill	sorry; apologetic; regretful; "my bad"	wrong; to blame																			
又	character	again, as well	also	and																							
子供	noun	child																									
たん	suffix	alternative form of ちゃん (“-chan”); -tan																									
仕舞う																											
助ける	verb	synonym of 助ける (tasukeru) above	to help; to assist	to save; to rescue																							
場所	noun	a seat	place, location	site (location designated for some purpose)	space, room	tournament																					
生きる	verb	to live; to exist																									
通り	noun	combination; permutation; variation	in accordance with	quality of flowing	reputation, name	street	traffic	understanding																			
通り	suffix	as, in accordance with	roughly	street																							
世界	noun	a metaphorical world (how one lives one's life)	a realm, a circle, a sphere	realm governed by a buddha	society, the times	space, universe	the World	the four inner realms of 須弥山 (Shumisen)	world																		
世界	name	a female given name	a surname																								
使う	verb	to employ	to make use of, to apply	to use	遣う: to spend																						
ほど	particle	"as much as"; upper limit; degree																									
ほど	noun	degree, bounds, extent																									
１																											
同じ	adj	common, similar	same, identical																								
同じ	adv	anyhow, anyway																									
同じ	noun	The iteration mark 々, which indicates that the previous kanji ought to be repeated.																									
同じ	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 同じる (dōjiru) [ichidan]: agreeing	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 同ずる (dōzuru) [irregular]: agreeing																								
早い	adj	early	quick-witted	速い: quick, fast, speedy																							
探す	verb	to search																									
好き	adj	attributive of 好し	liked, likable																								
好き	noun	fondness, favor, favour																									
好き	suffix	aficionado; enthusiast																									
上	character	above, high, up	certain time or place in the past	climb, rise	earlier	excellent, top	go to the center	limit	offer	one of the four tones of Middle Chinese	raise, bring up	short for 上野国 (Kōzuke no kuni): Kōzuke Province															
上	noun	Same as かみ (kami) above	a high place; the top	one with higher rank	superiority (in skill, age, level, etc.)	the above	the first volume in a two- or three-volume set	the start	the surface	the top (position or direction)	upper, over																
上	suffix	aboard (a plane, ship, etc.)	above, in, on	from the standpoint of...	suffix addressing to a superior																						
上	name	a place name	a surname																								
べし	suffix	indicating certainty	indicating requirement	must, shall																							
電話	noun	telephone	telephone call, phone call, call																								
電話	verb	to make a phone call, to telephone, to call																									
問題	noun	a problem (something that needs to be dealt with); a trouble	a question; a matter (of time etc.)	an issue; a matter	question, problem on homework etc.																						
入れる	verb	potential of 入る (hairu)	to admit (someone) in	to put (something) in	to tuck in (clothing)																						
車	character	vehicle																									
車	counter	used to count vehicles																									
車	affix	train car	vehicle																								
車	noun	a car, an automobile, a carriage, a cart	a style of 紋 (mon, “family crest”)	a wheel, a caster	during the Edo period, in the red-light district in Ōsaka, a prostitute whose services cost four 匁 (monme) and three 分 (bun) (possibly in reference to the cost of a carriage ride)	short for various terms:	short for 手車 (te-guruma): a handcart, a wheelbarrow	short for 肩車 (kata-guruma): riding on one's shoulders, piggyback	short for 車座 (kuruma za): sitting in a circle	short for 車懸 (kuruma-gakari): “wheel formation”, a battle tactic where units attack in staged waves in order to prevent the opponent from resting	short for 車海老 (kuruma ebi): a prawn	something wheel-shaped															
知れる	verb	to be found out, to come to light	to become known																								
返る	verb	suffixed to the 連用形 (ren'yōkei, “stem or continuative form”) of a verb:	to [verb] completely	to [verb] over and over or repeatedly	to change color, fade	to interchange front and back	to move in the opposite direction	to renew	to return, go back	to reverse, turn over	to start over																
然し																											
こんな	adj	like this; this kind of																									
良く																											
由	character	because of (より)	cause, reason	expresses hearsay (よし)	from, arising from (よる)	to be just like (ほお…ごとし)																					
由	noun	reason, cause																									
貰う																											
２																											
見える	verb	be able to see	be apparent	be visible	to be seen; to be found	to make an appearance, to be present	to meet with someone, to have an audience with someone	to seem, to look (a certain way), to appear (a certain way)	to serve someone, such as a master or husband																		
1																											
し	syllable	The hiragana syllable し (shi). Its equivalent in katakana is シ (shi). It is the twelfth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is さ行い段 (sa-gyō i-dan, “row sa, section i”).																									
し	particle	conjunctive particle, separates items in a list of reasons	sentence-ending particle, indicating mild emphasis, and alluding to an inferable but deliberately omitted conclusion																								
し	pron	reflexive pronoun; one, oneself	third person personal pronoun; he, she, it																								
し	suffix	The 終止形 (shūshikei, “terminal or predicative form”) of the conjugable ending for 形容詞 (keiyōshi, “-i adjectives”).	the adnominal form of Classical and Old Japanese き (ki, past tense auxiliary), equivalent to modern た																								
し	verb	stem or continuative form of する (suru)																									
作る	verb	to cook	to cultivate ability, to train	to draw up, form, establish	to grow, to raise	to make	to make an acquaintance	to write	to write a character or word in a particular form	to write a literary work																	
♪	punct	An emoticon indicating a singsong tone of voice or playful attitude.																									
筈	character	"it should be so"	notch of an arrow, nock																								
連れる	verb	to lead, to take, to conduct																									
得る	verb	cannot help but doing, cannot but do	to be able to, can (compare English get to do)	to get, acquire, gain, obtain, win, catch																							
得る	suffix	to be able to, -able																									
2																											
教える	verb	to inform, to teach, to instruct	to tell																								
人間	noun	a period of no contact with a person	a place devoid of people	human, person, human being	literally meaning: "human society", referring to one of the six realms of reincarnation in Buddhist cosmology (more commonly referred to with the jinkan reading)	personality, character	the world in which people live; the world, society																				
少し	adv	a little; slightly																									
少し	noun	a little; a few																									
呼ぶ	verb	to call something by a name; to designate	to call, to apply a name to someone	to call; to call out	to invite	to send for someone, to call for someone, to get someone																					
名前	noun	a given name (excluding the surname)	a name (word or phrase indicating a particular person, place, class, or thing)																								
共	character	all	both	co-	together	with																					
共	noun	both, all																									
共	suffix	...included	altogether	indicates plural:	when attached to a human noun	when attached to any noun																					
共	prefix	co-																									
一人	noun	a ruler with a heavenly mandate, especially the Emperor of Japan	an unmarried person, single	one person	one's own efforts or strengths	singleness, singularity	synonym of 右大臣 (udaijin): a minister of the right in the imperial Council of State	the first or top person in a particular place or field																			
一人	adv	alone, automatically, by itself, naturally	only, simply	solely																							
一人	name	a female given name	a male given name																								
置く	verb	to do and keep in that state	to do something in advance as preparation	to leave (something)	to put, place, set																						
金	noun	clipping of お金 (okane): money	gold (Au)	metal	metal as one of the five classical elements in traditional Chinese philosophy and medicine	money	short for 曲尺 (kanejaku): a carpenter’s square	short for 金将 (kinshō): a gold general	short for 金属 (kinzoku): metal	short for 金性 (kaneshō): fineness of gold metal, compare English karat	short for 金曜日 (kin’yōbi): Friday	short for 金物 (kanamono) or 金具 (kanagu): metal fittings	synonym of 金箔 (kinpaku): gold leaf														
金	affix	excellent, fine, splendid	excellent, fine, superb	gold, gold-colored	metal, metallic	money																					
金	name	the Jin dynasty (1115–1234)																									
積り																											
嘘	character	Extended shinjitai form of 噓: lie; falsehood																									
嘘	noun	a lie; a falsehood; a fallacy	mistake; error	unwise move; bad decision																							
嘘	intj	no way!; unbelievable!; get out of here!; shut up!																									
願う	verb	to beg, to request, to implore, to pray	to wish, to hope, to desire																								
付く	verb	(of a penis) to be attached to someone	to attach itself to, to stick (to), to adhere (to), to be connected with	to attend on, to go with, to accompany, to be by someone's side	to be attached to, to belong to, to join, to associate with, to take up the cause of	to be in luck	to be installed, to be built	to be perceived, to be detected	to be settled, to be established	to be written, to be registered	to catch fire, to be ignited	to come in contact with, to touch, to reach	to cost, to amount to	to gain (weight, power), to become proficient, to grow (wise)	to take, to take root												
付く	suffix	become	gain																								
分	counter	minutes (duration)																									
分	noun	a minute (unit of angle)	a minute (unit of time)	a part, a share, a portion	a unit of weight ¹⁄₁₀ of a 匁 (monme, “3.75g”)	unit of currency equal to four 両 (ryō) and to ten 釐 (rin)																					
子	character	Antonyms : 午	Rat (earthly branch)	child	diminutive suffix	egg, fruit, seed	fourth rank of nobility in Meiji-postwar Japan, viscount	honorific for a learned man, master	honorific for an adult man	interest	man (in general)	midnight	north	small object													
子	noun	a child	a girl, especially a dear or desired one (compare use of English baby, babe)	a smaller or younger version of a bigger object	creature	person who is dealt cards																					
子	prefix	an object which has a subservient or derivative role relative to another object																									
子	suffix	an object having a particular state or property (sometimes diminutive)	roe (only when preceded by a fish name, or fish-related prefix)	suffix used in female given names, such as 智子 (Tomoko), 英子 (Eiko), 秀子 (Hideko), 美奈子 (Minako), 有希子 (Yukiko)	suffix used in male given names																						
子	name	Rat, the first of the twelve Earthly Branches	Rat, the first of the twelve Earthly Branches:	a day or year assigned to the Rat	a place name	a surname	north	the eleventh month of the lunar calendar	the hours between 11:00 P.M./midnight and 1:00/2:00 A.M.																		
子	affix	a child	a philosophy branch of Chinese literature, either derived from or outside of the Hundred Schools of Thought	an honorific for a learned man, such as teacher or master	an object having a particular state or property (sometimes diminutive)	an object which has a subservient or derivative role relative to another object	short for 子爵 (shishaku): the fourth rank of nobility in Meiji-postwar Japan, equivalent to a viscount																				
子	pron	second-person pronoun: you (of one's equals)																									
子	syllable	variant katakana syllable ネ (ne)																									
もっと	adv	more																									
甥	noun	nephew																									
御免	noun	something one wants to have no involvement in																									
御免	intj	clipping of 御免なさい (gomennasai, “I'm sorry”)																									
愛する	verb	to love																									
こう	adv	like this, in this way, so, thus																									
内	noun	Buddhist teachings on the inner self or ego, as opposed to non-Buddhist ones	one’s own, my, our	something between, among	something while, during, inside or within a span of time	the inside or middle (of something)	the inside, within (a physical location)																				
内	pron	I, me																									
内	affix	imperial court	inside	inside, interior, inner	mainland																						
逃げる	verb	to avoid, to stay away from	to deviate from normal (condition, direction)	to escape (from a dangerous or bad situation)	to escape; to run away; to get away (so to not get caught)	to hold on (and win); to win narrowly																					
今日	noun	Same as こんにち above	nowadays	today, this day																							
掛ける	verb	to hang (a picture, etc.), to hoist, to raise (a flag), to fly (a kite)	to multiply	to pour onto, to shake onto, to splash, to drip	to pun (謎掛け)	to sit (on a chair or bench, but not on the floor)	to speak, to give (an order etc.), to call out, to call on the telephone	to wear a piece of clothing																			
掛ける	suffix	in the middle of, to begin (and not yet complete)	to address someone, to direct, to do (something to someone)	to be about to, to begin																							
掛ける	conj	times (multiplication)																									
凄い																											
間	affix	alternative spelling of 閑 (kan, “free time”)	extent; scope	hidden; invisible	space; interval; among; between																						
間	noun	interval																									
間	suffix	suffixes some expressions of time to tell duration rather than time or date																									
なんて	particle	emphasizes disgust, contempt, or otherwise negative feelings of the speaker: whatever																									
なんて	adv	what (used quotatively)	what a, such a																								
過ぎる	verb	Used for emphasis.	to be excessive	to elapse; to exceed	to pass by, to pass through; to go beyond	too, too much																					
於く																											
ちえ																											
どんな	adj	how?; like what?; what kind of...?	which one?																								
終わる	verb	to be in a hopeless position	to end, to finish, to quit																								
家族	noun	a family, a household																									
母	noun	a woman who breastfeeds and raises a child in place of a parent: a wet nurse	mommy, mummy	mother	wife																						
意味	noun	a meaning; a significance; a point	meaning; definition																								
意味	verb	to mean, signify, imply																									
道	character	alternative form of 導 (“to direct; to guide; to lead; to conduct”) (みちびく)	road; way (みち)	to speak (いう)																							
道	noun	Tao (the way of nature), Taoism	a region of Japan consisting of multiple provinces or prefectures	a road, a path	a way of doing something	a way, a street, a road, an alley, a path, a pass for local traffic																					
道	name	a female given name	a male given name	a surname																							
道	prefix	Short for 北(ほっ)海(かい)道(どう) (Hokkaidō)																									
ママ	noun	mama, mamma, a childish form of mother, one's female parent	model illustrator (gender neutral)	proprietress of a drinking establishment etc.																							
上げる	verb	to give (usually not written with kanji)	to raise, to lift	to utter; to cry; to produce; to raise (a voice)																							
ちゃう	suffix	contraction of 〜てしまう																									
ちゃう	verb	synonym of じゃない (ja nai)	synonym of 違う (chigau)																								
下	noun	bottom, low	feces and urine, excrement	lowness in degree or rank	private parts	the area farther from the capital	the downriver area	the downstream portion of a river	the last part of a month, year, etc.	the last volume in a two- or three-volume set	the lower half of the body	the lower portion, base	the lower portion, end	the underneath	under the influence of												
下	affix	down; below; beneath																									
下	suffix	under a situation																									
パパ	noun	model rigger (gender neutral)	papa, father	prostitutional customer																							
起きる	verb	to get up, to sit up	to occur, to happen	to stay up, to stay awake	to wake up																						
最後	noun	last, end, conclusion	last, final																								
頼む	verb	ask someone to do something	to call; to order; to reserve	恃む: to rely on																							
神	noun	Same as しん (shin) above	a Shinto shrine	a deity, god	a deity, god, kami	a god or spirit	a mind, soul, spirit	a mysterious or incomprehensible force, compare English act of God	a person of outstanding talent or skill	a spirit or an essence present in all things, the main subject of worship of Shinto	short for 神道 (shintō): Shinto	something amazing; great; fantastic; awesome	thunder														
神	name	God																									
神	affix	deity, god, kami	mind, soul, spirit	mysterious or incomprehensible force	short for 神戸 (Kōbe, “Kōbe (a city in Japan)”)	short for 神道 (shintō): Shinto																					
女	character	daughter	woman																								
女	noun	a female	a female person	a feminine object	a maid	a mistress, concubine	a prostitute	a wife	a woman	a woman's appearance or quality	a woman, an adult female	a woman, especially an actress or a prostitute	a young woman	girlfriend	the object in a pairing which is smaller, gentler, etc. than the other												
女	name	a female given name	the Girl, one of the Twenty-Eight Mansions																								
女	suffix	suffixed to names of female figures in the Edo period																									
くらい	adj	dark, dim	gloomy, depressed																								
くらい	adv	about, approximately	at least, if anything																								
くらい	noun	being at the point of, the place where, the point where, the time when,	eating	grade, rank, standing	place, position	the throne, the crown																					
くらい	suffix	seat, position, rank, grade																									
くらい	verb	stem or continuative form of くらう (kurau)																									
因る	verb	to be by, to be from	to be caused by, to arise from, to start from	to be due to																							
準備	noun	preparations																									
準備	verb	prepare																									
まあ	intj	come on (used to express encouragement or invitation)	hum (used to express hesitation)	oh! dear! (expression of surprise)	well, perhaps (used to express that the speaker has a different perspective)	well, yes (used to express partial agreement)																					
迚も																											
彼れ																											
訳	noun	translation																									
心配	adj	uneasy, worrying																									
心配	noun	anxiety, concern, worry, uneasiness	good offices																								
心配	verb	take care of, help	worry, be anxious																								
多分	adv	maybe, perhaps; probably																									
娘	noun	a daughter	alternative spelling of 子 (“girl”)																								
次	affix	following	next, secondary																								
次	counter	number in a sequence, number of aspects or dimensions	number of times: an ordinal marker																								
次	noun	at the 大嘗祭 (Daijōsai) and other major Shintō ceremonies, refers to the group of regional representatives making offerings of sake and grain, who do so after the initial offering	follower, successor; the next thing in a sequence	next, order, sequence, below	occasion, opportunity, doing something incidental to something else	order, sequence																					
次	prefix	hypo- (used to distinguish the oxidation levels of various acids)	the next, secondary, vice-																								
つう	noun	contraction of っていう (tte iu)																									
馬鹿	adj	foolish, idiotic, stupid, ridiculous	useless, futile																								
馬鹿	noun	a fool, an idiot	a tool used for counting coins	uselessness, futility																							
馬鹿	suffix	enthusiast, freak																									
馬鹿	prefix	to an excessive amount																									
馬鹿	adv	extremely																									
立つ	verb	to be released, to rise	to close	to depart	to stand, to stand up, to rise	起つ: to start or set out on a deliberate course of action																					
息子	noun	a son (male child)	penis																								
見せる	verb	to show	used as a 補助動詞 (hojo dōshi), after a verb in the て (-te) conjunctive form: to show one's ability or determination to do something; to set an example by doing something	魅せる: to show off; to demonstrate a skill or talent																							
忘れる	verb	to forget	to forget to …																								
力	character	power, force, strength																									
力	noun	Strength	a rickshaw operator's wages	ability; capacity	capability, especially mystical power	effort	force	physical strength	short for 力者 (rikisha): a strong person	short for 車力 (shariki), 力車 (rikisha): a rickshaw	strength; power; force	the suchness of ability, one of the Ten Suchnesses in Mahayana Buddhism															
力	name	a male given name	a surname																								
力	affix	power, strength	strength, power																								
官	affix	government office	government official	official rank; official position	public; state-owned (use, facility, etc.)	sense organ																					
官	noun	government office; authority	government official	official rank; official position	short for 太(だい)政(じょう)官(かん) (daijōkan).	the state; government																					
銃	character	gun																									
銃	noun	gun (firearm)	gun, firearm																								
しか	particle	Used to express one's desire.	nothing but, only (followed by negative verb)																								
しか	suffix	realis form of き (ki, “-ed [past tense indicator]”)																									
勿論	adv	of course, naturally, certainly																									
二人	noun	a couple, pair	the two of us, we two	two people	two persons																						
有り難い	adj	difficult to exist	rare	special; worthy of being thankful for																							
関係	noun	involvement, participation	personal connection, family relationship	relationship, relation	romantic relationship																						
関係	verb	be related	be romantically involved																								
さあ	intj	Come on, go on, here, now.	No idea, not sure; dunno	Well, uh, hmm, let's see.																							
理由	noun	a motive	a reason																								
守る	verb	to abide (by rules), to observe (regulations)	to protect or defend something, to ensure that something is safe	to stand watch over something, to be on the lookout for something (such as a watchman controlling entry to a place)	to watch carefully	護る: to protect, to defend																					
別	adj	different, separate, another																									
別	noun	another	difference	exception																							
別	suffix	separated by																									
別	affix	used in toponyms of Hokkaido																									
望む																											
屋	character	dwelling	roof	seller	store	vendor																					
屋	noun	house	the roof of a house																								
屋	suffix	shop, establishment	someone who sells or does that thing; -ist	someone with that characteristic																							
旨い																											
安全	adj	safe; secure																									
安全	noun	safety; security																									
送る	verb	to add okurigana	to pass the time	to play back	to see off a deceased person	to see off, to take (somebody somewhere), to escort	to send; to dispatch																				
頭	character	counter for large animals	head																								
頭	noun	boss, leader	hair of the head	head	head (body part)	the fontanelle part of the skull	the head as a whole	top part of a Chinese character	頭, 首: the head of a doll																		
頭	counter	a head, as when counting people, or cattle or other livestock	counter for certain relatively large animals, or for livestock animals; "head"	counter for insects (used only in biology)																							
食べる	verb	to eat	to eat or drink																								
人生	noun	Literally, person's past. Used when speaking about the former life of a dead person.	life																								
情報	noun	gossip	information	news																							
続ける	verb	to connect something together without any gaps; to adjoin	to continue	to repeat again and again																							
掻く	verb	Dummy verb for various nouns, often with a meaning similar to "to present" or "to give the impression of".	to scratch (e.g. one's head)																								
３																											
方法	noun	way; method; manner																									
心	character	core	heart	mind																							
心	noun	a basis, foundation	a companion, fellow	a heart, inner feelings	a heart, mind, core	a meaning, essence	a spirit, vitality	alternative spelling of 真 (shin)	an answer (to a riddle, etc.)	attention, mind, interest	citta: the ego or spirit	heart, feelings, emotion, emotional state	inner strength, marrow	lead (as of a pencil)	mind, heart, spirit, soul; thoughts, ideas	padding	short for 心王 (shinnō)	sympathy, heart, consideration, generous disposition	the center of focus:	the center of something:	the chest	the heart as an organ in the body	the important part	the title of a book	wholeheartedness, sincerity, true heart	心, 芯: a wick	心, 芯: the core (for example, of a fruit)
心	name	a male or female given name	a surname	a unisex given name	the Heart constellation, one of the Twenty-Eight Mansions																						
心	prefix	expresses heartfelt feeling																									
心	affix	short for 中心 (chūshin): center, middle	short for 心臓 (shinzō): heart as an organ in the body	short for 心頭 (shintō): heart, mind, spirit																							
危険	adj	dangerous; risky																									
危険	noun	danger																									
ジョン	name	a transliteration of the English male given name John	a transliteration of the English surname John																								
3																											
新しい	adj	fresh	latest, recent	modern	new, novel																						
全部	noun	the whole thing; everything; all																									
全部	adv	all, entirely, totally, completely																									
飲む																											
外	character	except	foreign	other	outside																						
外	noun	external	non-Buddhist teachings or texts	outside	toilet																						
外	suffix	except for	outside; external																								
女性	noun	a woman	a woman (adult female person)	the feminine gender																							
失う	verb	to lose (possession of something)	to lose a person (following their death), be bereaved of someone	to miss an opportunity etc.																							
切る	verb	cut a person with a sword, cut down, kill	cut down, fell, chop down	cut flat things such as cloth or paper	cut off or divide by or as if by partition	cut or sever connection with	discontinue an action, cut off, break off, turn off, hang up	go under, be less than (numerically)	perform an action as if by cutting	perform an action boldly	prune, trim, shear	separate from the main body, cut off, break away	to cut, to slice, to carve	to remove; to run out													
切る	suffix	finish, be through	perform an action thoroughly or decisively																								
最初	adv	firstly																									
最初	noun	first, the beginning, the start																									
先	noun	afterwards, the future	ahead, in front	before, previous	earlier, the past	end, tip	sequel	the destination of a motion or action																			
ずっと	adv	by far; much (better, etc.)	continuing for a long time; long-lasting; forever; always; for the entire time																								
以上	noun	+ 以上は: since, now that, so long as, once	greater than or equal to	the aforementioned, the foregoing																							
以上	intj	that's it (used at the end of a text to indicate that there is nothing further)																									
覚える	verb	to feel (an emotion or sense)	to learn	覚える, 憶える: to memorize	覚える, 憶える: to recall, to remember																						
戦う																											
救う	verb	to get someone back on the right track	to save, to rescue, to relieve	済う: to take care of the poor																							
警察	noun	police	short for 警察署 (keisatsusho, “police station”)																								
二	noun	second	two	two, 2																							
二	num	two, 2																									
無し	noun	bad, unacceptable	nothing																								
無し	suffix	-less, without ..., not having or not being that thing																									
無し	adj	Classical Japanese and literary form of ない (nai)																									
何れ																											
与える																											
数	noun	number	number; amount																								
数	name	a surname																									
数	prefix	several																									
始める	verb	to begin, to start, to initiate	to start doing, to begin	創める: to set up, to create, to establish, to found																							
最高	noun	the highest; the best; supreme; the greatest																									
顔	character	expression	face																								
顔	noun	a person's face	a person's reputation																								
顔	affix	color	look; face; expression																								
酷い	adj	cruel	horrible																								
｡																											
可能	adj	feasible	possible																								
可能	noun	feasibility	possibility, good chance																								
万	character	ten thousand, myriad	various, many, all																								
万	noun	a large number	all, everything	ten thousand	ten thousand, myriad																						
万	adv	even if, never	no matter what																								
万	prefix	all	many																								
死	noun	death	one of the five punishments under the 律令 (Ritsuryō) system, the methods used are 絞 (kō, “strangling”) and 斬 (zan, “decapitation”)																								
死	affix	dangerous, life-threatening	dead, unfunctional	death, to die	life-or-death situation	out																					
乗る	verb	to accept one's talk; to get on board	to get on/ride (a bus, a train, a bicycle); to get in (a car); to mount (a horse)																								
約束	noun	a convention; something that is conventional	a promise	an appointment or social engagement (the meeting itself)	something that is preordained	trope (something recurring across a genre or type of art or literature)																					
約束	verb	be predestined, wait	make an appointment or engagement	to promise; to make a promise																							
感ずる	verb	feel, sense																									
う	syllable	The hiragana syllable う (u). Its equivalent in katakana is ウ (u). It is the third syllable in the gojūon order; its position is あ行う段 (a-gyō u-dan, “row a, section u”).																									
う	suffix	Expressing one's will to do something.	Inducing or stimulating other person to do something.	Presenting a supposition.	alternative form of く (-ku, adverbial suffix of -i adjectives)	to be about to do; to be on the verge of doing	to try to do; to attempt to do	whether … or …																			
変わる	verb	to change; to become different; to turn into; to become (something else)																									
船	character	ship, vessel, large ship																									
所為	noun	cause, reason	cause, reason, fault	one's deed																							
友達	noun	friend	plural of 友: friends																								
追う	verb	to be pressed, to be put under pressure	to chase (after something)	to drive (force into an area)	to follow in order, to follow a trend	to oust, to drive out, to exile, to expel	to pursue, to aspire to																				
性	character	characteristic	content	one's nature	sex, gender																						
性	noun	gender	sex, gender	the nature of something																							
性	suffix	-ity, -ness, the nature of quality or something																									
動く	verb	to be moved, touched, influenced	to change, vary, fluctuate, waver	to move	to operate, run, go, work	to stir, shake, shift, swing	to work, go into action																				
部屋	noun	a stable where rikishi live and train together under a shisho oyakata (stable master)	room (of a house or hotel), chamber, apartment, flat																								
回	character	turn																									
回	counter	a turn, times around something	indicating year of university students	innings in baseball, games, rounds	occurrences																						
回	affix	Hui; Islam	alternative form of 蛔 (kai, “roundworm; intestinal worm”)	return; go back	time; occasion	turn; revolve	turn; turn around																				
回	noun	a bend (of an area)	episode, chapter	inning	time, occasion	turn, round																					
受ける	verb	to catch	to gain popularity	to receive, to get, to be given, to undergo, to go through, to suffer, to take on, to accept	ウケる: to be funny; to be hilarious; by extension, to be ridiculous, absurd, or unbelievable	享ける: to follow, to succeed, to do as a previous person did	承ける, 享ける: to be given (e.g. talent, life)	承ける: (grammar) to be modified by	請ける: to obtain by paying a fee																		
ぜ	syllable	The hiragana syllable ぜ (ze). Its equivalent in katakana is ゼ (ze).																									
ぜ	particle	sentence-ending particle signifying emphasis, used to lightly press one's point, with familiar overtones	sentence-ending particle signifying emphasis, used to tell the listener about something in a patronising way																								
																											
仲間	noun	companion	gang	member of a group; peer; "one of us"																							
急ぐ	verb	to be impatient	to be in a hurry, to be hasty	to hurry, to hasten, to rush, in order to get something done or to get somewhere	to prepare or expedite something																						
あ	syllable	The hiragana syllable あ (a). Its equivalent in katakana is ア (a). It is the first syllable in the gojūon order; its position is あ行あ段 (a-gyō a-dan, “row a, section a”).																									
あ	intj	expresses surprise: Ah! Oh!	used as a response to someone's call	used to get someone's attention																							
あ	pron	distal demonstrative, something far off removed from both speaker and listener: that, yon	first-person personal pronoun: I, me																								
あ	noun	foot	ridge between rice fields; ridge between groves																								
あ	verb	to be, to exist																									
捜査	noun	a criminal investigation																									
捜査	verb	to investigate																									
大	prefix	arch-	big, large	big; great	the large part of																						
大	suffix	abbreviation of 大学 (daigaku, “university”)																									
理解	noun	appreciation	understanding, comprehension																								
理解	verb	appreciate	understand, comprehend																								
聞こえる	verb	sound, be taken as (give someone a certain impression from hearing)	to be audible	to be heard	to be widely known; to be famous																						
打つ	verb	to administer a shot	to drop	to give a speech	to hit	to hit, to beat, to strike	to make noodles	to type																			
伝える	verb	to convey, to communicate																									
機	character	loom	machine	opportunity																							
機	noun	a loom	a machine, a device; a contraption	a trap or snare that works by beheading the bird or beast caught in it	an opportunity, a chance to do something; the right time or moment	by extension, the workings of the heart or mind in general	getting on someone's right side; humoring someone; an effort to please someone	in Noh theater, the breath of the mind	manipulation (as in a device)	manipulation (as in a person): deception, taking someone in	resourcefulness	short for 機関銃 (kikanjū): a machine gun	short for 飛行機 (hikōki): an airplane, an aircraft	something of great importance: the linchpin of the matter	the moment of being moved into action by the teachings of the Buddha: see 機根 (kikon)	woven cloth											
機	phrase	Idioms	Idioms																								
機(き)が熟(じゅく)する (ki ga jukusuru): the time is ripe; a golden opportunity																											
機(き)に乗(じょう)じる (ki ni jōjiru), 機(き)に投(とう)じる (ki ni tōjiru): to sieze the moment, to jump at the chance																											
機(き)に臨(のぞ)み変(へん)に応(おう)ずる (ki ni nozomi hen ni ōzuru), 機(き)に応(おう)ずる (ki ni ōzuru): to move with the times																											
機(き)に因(よ)って法(ほう)を説(と)く (ki ni yotte hō o toku): to change the message to suit one's audience: to alter the format or presentation for better acceptance, without changing the core ideas being conveyed																											
機(き)を逸(いっ)する (ki o issuru), 機(き)を失(しっ)する (ki o shissuru): to miss the boat, to miss out	機(き)が熟(じゅく)する (ki ga jukusuru): the time is ripe; a golden opportunity	機(き)に乗(じょう)じる (ki ni jōjiru), 機(き)に投(とう)じる (ki ni tōjiru): to sieze the moment, to jump at the chance	機(き)に因(よ)って法(ほう)を説(と)く (ki ni yotte hō o toku): to change the message to suit one's audience: to alter the format or presentation for better acceptance, without changing the core ideas being conveyed	機(き)に臨(のぞ)み変(へん)に応(おう)ずる (ki ni nozomi hen ni ōzuru), 機(き)に応(おう)ずる (ki ni ōzuru): to move with the times	機(き)を逸(いっ)する (ki o issuru), 機(き)を失(しっ)する (ki o shissuru): to miss the boat, to miss out																						
機	counter	indicates aircraft	indicates lives in video games	indicates paper aeroplanes																							
機	suffix	indicates airplanes	indicates machines																								
友人	noun	friend																									
計画	noun	a plan, planning, schedule, conception																									
計画	verb	to plan, to make a plan, to plot, to lay out																									
無理	adj	cannot, impossible, incapable	excessive; overdone; done by brute force	irrational, unreasonable, unjust																							
無理	noun	impossibility, incapability	irrationality	something that is excessive; overdoing something; doing things by brute force																							
無理	verb	to overexert oneself																									
素晴らしい	adj	extreme, terrible	terrific, wonderful, splendid, grand, magnificent																								
確認	noun	confirmation																									
確認	verb	confirm, make sure, check, verify																									
,																											
侭	character	alternative form of 儘																									
侭	name	a surname	an unknown-gender given name																								
＞																											
起こる	verb	happen	occur																								
残る	verb	remain, be left																									
事件	noun	event, incident	matter, affair	scandal																							
答える	verb	to answer a question	to say in reply to a question																								
たり	particle	Shows examples of actions or states.																									
たり	suffix	Used to form the stative of verbs.																									
たり	verb	to be																									
全員	noun	everybody; all members																									
不	character	not, non-, un-																									
不	prefix	bad, poor	un-, non-, in-																								
或る																											
離れる	verb	to abandon, to turn away from	to be away from	to depart	to drift apart, e.g. from a friend	to separate																					
掛かる	verb	to attack; to assault	to be affected with something bad	to be entrapped; to be tricked	to be poured over something; to fall and cover something	to be set up; to be constructed or erected	to begin; to start	to function; to work	to go across; to go from one side to the other	to hang	to hang; to suspend or float in a high position as if suspended	to require, to take time or money, to cost	to worry; to be imposed as a burden (on someone)														
夜	noun	night, evening	the night, evening																								
夜	name	a female given name																									
ちゃん	suffix	title affixed to animals	title affixed to people's names: -chan																								
攻撃	noun	an attack																									
攻撃	verb	synonym of 攻撃 (kōgeki, “to attack”)	to attack																								
攻撃	name	Short name for the North Korean pop song 공격전이다 (gonggyeokjeonida).																									
連絡	noun	communication, correspondence	connection, junction	keeping in contact; correspondence																							
連絡	verb	communicate, correspond	connect to, have a junction	connect with, get a hold of, get in touch with																							
こそ	particle	emphatic particle used for emphasis: it is ... that	used in set phrases when returning a greeting or apology to someone																								
こそ	suffix	used for calling or appealing																									
結婚	noun	marriage																									
結婚	verb	get married																									
向かう	verb	to face	to go towards																								
確か	adj	certain, clear, without a doubt	secure, reliable, able to be trusted completely																								
確か	adv	if I remember correctly, in my memory, as I recall																									
開ける	verb	to be enlightened; to be inspired; (perfect tense) to be sharp or clever	to broaden; to become wide	to develop; to progress; to improve	to make (a hole)	to open																					
命	noun	fate, destiny	life	life, lifespan	lifespan	lifetime	order, command	the beloved, dearly beloved	the honorable, the exalted	the most important part or aspect of a thing	the words or pronouncements of a god or an emperor																
命	pron	that person	you																								
何の																											
猶	character	still																									
･																											
軍	noun	a soldier, warrior; an army	a team	an army, corps	archery	during the Zhou dynasty, an army of five 師 (shi, “divisions of 2500 soldiers”) totaling 12500 soldiers	forces	the armed forces, military																			
軍	affix	army, soldiers	battle, conflict, fighting, war	team																							
落ちる	verb	to be made available by someone else; to drop	to fail an examination	to fall	to go down (as when a computer or application becomes unresponsive)	to leave; to sign off; to drop off; to drop	to trip																				
調べる	verb	to investigate, to look up, to look into, to study, to examine, to check up on, to look over	to play, to perform (an instrument)	to tune																							
兄	character	elder/older brother	honorific referencing an older brother figure																								
兄	noun	(by extension) an elder sibling	a familiar man	a senior	a skilled craftsman	a woman's brother (regardless of age difference)	a woman's lover or husband	an elder brother	elder brother	elder brother-in-law	eldest son	short for 花の兄 (hana no ani): alternative name for the 梅 (ume), the Japanese plum (Prunus mume)	the eldest sibling	the head of a clan													
兄	pron	pronoun referencing an older brother figure: you, he																									
兄	suffix	attaches to a name referencing an older brother figure: Mister, Mr.																									
博士	noun	a court academician	a doctor (person who has attained a doctorate)	an expert																							
博士	name	a male given name																									
明日	noun	the near future	tomorrow																								
明日	name	a female given name	a surname																								
歳	character	year																									
歳	suffix	-year-old																									
殺人	noun	homicide, especially murder																									
チーム	noun	team																									
変える	verb	to change, to make different	to move or shift to a different time or place																								
怖い	adj	creepy for its mysterious ability	frightened, scared, afraid	frightening, scary, terrifying																							
座る	verb	to sit, to have a seat																									
詰まり	adv	in short	that is to say, in other words																								
詰まり	noun	difficulty, straits, a cause of distress	obstruction, clogging; degree to which something is obstructed or clogged	shrinkage	the end of some period of time; conclusion, limit; an end point																						
詰まり	verb	stem or continuative form of 詰まる (tsumaru)																									
一体	adv	on earth, the heck, in the world (used for emphasis and to express incredulity)																									
長い	adj	long	長い, 永い: (time) long, lengthy																								
ドア	noun	Western-style door																									
10																											
)	punct	Used in ( ).																									
質問	noun	a question																									
質問	verb	to ask a question																									
正しい	adj	actual, real, certain	correct, right, true	factual, true, correct, accurate	genuine, real	true, straight, unwarped, unskewed, proper	貞しい: righteous, having integrity, not bending to others' wills																				
強い	adj	hard, tough, stiff	high tolerance, resilient	strong, competent, good	strong, durable, powerful	stubborn																					
強い	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 強いる (shiiru)																									
渡す	verb	to ferry across (a river)	to hand over	to traverse																							
どうぞ	adv	no matter how; by all means; seriously (often untranslatable)	please (go ahead); help yourself; certainly you may; here you are																								
どうぞ	intj	over																									
多く	adv	largely; mostly																									
多く	noun	a lot	a majority																								
言葉	noun	a word, a term	language, speech																								
十分	adj	enough, plenty, sufficient																									
十分	noun	being enough, plenty, sufficient	division into ten equal parts	ten minutes																							
十分	adv	fully, thoroughly																									
十分	verb	to divide into ten equal parts																									
人々	noun	people, each person, everybody																									
御座る																											
体	counter	counter for humanoid objects																									
体	noun	a form, shape	a substance, matter	an outward appearance, look, aspect	field (commutative ring with invertible nonzero elements)	the body (e.g., of a human or animal)	the torso excluding the limbs: the trunk, abdomen																				
敵	noun	an enemy	an opponent, a competitor	marriage partner	opponent (of the game or conflict)	revenge, vengeance	the other party in a lawsuit	的: (historical) in the red-light district, a term of reference used between prostitutes and customers																			
敵	pron	的: (historical, chiefly Kansai, somewhat derogatory) (by extension from the red-light district usage) term of second-person reference: you	的: (historical, chiefly Kansai, somewhat derogatory) (by extension from the red-light district usage) term of third-person reference: that guy, that one, he, she, it																								
感謝	noun	thanks, appreciation, gratitude																									
感謝	verb	express one's appreciation																									
混む																											
終わり	noun	death; collapse; fall	end; conclusion; finish																								
終わり	verb	stem or continuative form of 終わる (owaru)																									
何方	pron	indefinite interrogative directional pronoun; which direction, where	which direction	which one? (of two alternatives)	which way?	who	who?																				
声	noun	a Sino-Japanese pronunciation or reading of a Chinese character, as opposed to its 訓 (kun) or native Japanese counterpart	a feedback	a feeling, sound, or tone of something	a tone	a variation of stress in pronunciation	a voice	a voice, speech	a voiced sound	an accent	short for 声点 (shōten): a tone mark (in Middle Chinese)																
声	affix	Chinese character pronunciation	expression, speech	fame, honor, reputation	speech, word	tone (in Chinese linguistics)	voice	voice, sound																			
妻	character	spouse																									
妻	noun	a side dish	a spouse	a tangent, a digression, something to the side of the main thing	a wife (married woman)	my wife																					
重要	adj	important, significant																									
重要	noun	importance, consequence, significance																									
王	noun	a Japanese prince's son (such princes include 親王 (shinnō) or 王 (ō) themselves)	a king, especially one who is not East Asian or was East Asian in pre-imperial times; in China and Vietnam, generally a king before Qin Shi Huangdi who invented the title 皇帝 (kōtei, “huangdi; emperor”); in Korea, one of the many kings before the Korean Empire which was modeled after Japan's; in Japan, one of the rulers before Emperor Jinmu	a nobility title for a Chinese or Vietnamese prince, bestowed on one of the 皇帝 (kōtei, “huangdi; emperor”)'s adult sons, brothers, or nephews, especially as a coming-of-age title, generally comes with an estate ("principality"); compare 皇子 (ōji, “imperial princes”, especially pre-adult ones) and 公 (kō, “dukes”, an alternative used by certain dynasties)	an East Asian queen regnant	an ancient Korean king																					
王	affix	king																									
国	noun	a country as in a nation, a state	a country in general, a region	a land, a large place	a province of ancient Japan	one's birthplace, where one is from, one's home	the national government in ancient Japan; the national capital in ancient Japan	the office of emperor, the crown; affairs of state																			
〉																											
ドル	noun	a dollar (designation for specific currency)																									
ドル	name	Dole, Jura (place in France)																									
働く	verb	to conjugate; to inflect; to decline	to perpetrate or commit a crime	to work at a job, to labour	to work properly, to operate, to function; to carry out one's function, to be effective, to come into play																						
選ぶ	verb	to elect	to screen	to select, to choose	撰ぶ: to compile (a book, anthology, collection, or other literary work)																						
法螺	noun	boasting																									
自身	noun	[one]self																									
寝る	verb	to go to bed	to lie down	to ripen, to ferment, to cure	to sleep	to sleep with, to have sexual intercourse with																					
街	character	main street or boulevard																									
街	noun	alternative spelling of 町																									
街	suffix	town, district, area																									
書く	verb	to compose; to put (an idea, etc) into words	to write; to record (words, figures) on the surface of (something)																								
買う	verb	to buy	to provoke someone, to stir	to value, to appreciate, to have a high opinion of someone																							
名	noun	name	reputation																								
名	counter	counter word for people, persons																									
名	prefix	famous, great, noted																									
父親	noun	father																									
隠す	verb	to hide, to conceal																									
頃																											
読む	verb	to count	to infer; to speculate	to read (look at and interpret written text)	to read (speak aloud written text)																						
だぞ																											
戦争	noun	war	war (conflict involving organized use of arms)																								
戦争	verb	to wage war																									
山	noun	Mount Hiei and/or Enryaku-ji	a chance, gamble	a climax, peak	a crime, criminal case	a guess, speculation	a heap, pile	a mine (excavation usually consisting of small tunnels)	a mountain (large mass of earth and rock) or (large) hill	a wall, wall tile	mountain climbing, mountaineering	mountain, hill	short for 山鉾 (yamaboko): a festival float usually decorated with a 鉾 (hoko)	the top or high part of an object	the △ symbol as used to mark what needs to be reviewed in study												
山	prefix	prefix for species that are wild or residing in mountains																									
山	counter	counter for number of mountains, forests and/or mines	counter for number of stock rise and fall like a mountain																								
山	name	a surname																									
山	suffix	Mount, Mt.	suffix for a temple's honorific mountain name (山号 (sangō))	suffix for names of mountains																							
山	affix	mine	mountain	short for 比叡山 (Hieizan): Mount Hiei	temple, temple ground																						
助け	noun	aid, rescue, relief, help, assistance, support																									
助け	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 助ける (tasukeru)																									
＜																											
嬉しい	adj	happy, glad																									
傷	noun	any form of shallow wound: an injury, cut, scar	any kind of light damage: a chip, scratch, blemish, stain																								
傷	affix	damage, harm	grief, sorrow	wound, injury																							
_																											
5																											
ﾝ																											
武器	noun	weapon	weapon, arms																								
水	noun	a flood	a fluid, liquid	drinking water	shaved ice served with flavored syrup	short for 力水 (chikara mizu): water offered to sumo wrestlers before a bout	short for 水入り (mizuiri): halting	short for 水曜日 (suiyōbi): Wednesday	water (sometimes cold and/or fresh)	water: one of the five classical elements in traditional Chinese philosophy and medicine																	
水	prefix	water																									
水	name	a female given name	a surname																								
水	affix	body of water	combining form of みず (“water”) above	fluid, liquid	short for 水素 (suiso): hydrogen	water																					
状況	noun	situation (position vis-à-vis surroundings) of something that changes																									
了解	noun	consent, agreement	understanding, comprehension																								
了解	intj	roger (over radio etc.), OK																									
了解	verb	agree, consent	understand, comprehend																								
住む	verb	to live in, to inhabit, to abide at, to dwell at																									
楽しい	adj	pleasant, delightful, fun, enjoyable																									
返す	verb	to return (something)																									
返す	suffix	to repeat, to redo																									
有む																											
																											
夢	noun	a dream	a fantasy (idea from one's imagination)	a vision (wish for the future)	an illusion or delusion	leaving reality to the state of lusciousness	selfship, self-insert	something fragile																			
夢	name	a female given name																									
夢	affix	dream	fantasy	illusion	vision																						
説明	noun	explanation																									
説明	verb	to explain																									
急度																											
箇月																											
失礼	adj	rude, impolite, ill-mannered																									
失礼	noun	rudeness, impoliteness																									
失礼	intj	I'm sorry, excuse me																									
失礼	verb	to be rude, to do something rude																									
沢山	adj	many, numerous																									
沢山	noun	much, a lot	much, many, a lot																								
沢山	adv	much, a great deal, liberally, a lot																									
沢山	suffix	more than enough																									
沢山	name	a placename	a surname																								
−																											
５																											
																											
矢張り																											
余り	adj	excessive, extreme	terrible, awful																								
余り	adv	often, much, excessively																									
余り	noun	an abundance of something, an excess of something	remainder																								
余り	suffix	Used to connect numerals: and	used after a numeral to express “a little more than”																								
余り	verb	stem or continuative form of 余る (amaru)																									
(	punct	Used in ( ).																									
感じ	noun	a feeling, sensation	an atmosphere	an impression																							
合う	verb	to be proper	to match; to fit; to agree																								
合う	suffix	together; with each other																									
引く	verb	(of an illness) to catch	to attract (someone's) attention	to bring (people) in, to bring together	to draw (lots etc.)	to draw away from a person, to find someone repulsive to be turned off	to page through (a dictionary), to look up	to pull (along), to drag, to drag along, to bring along while going somewhere	to pull (something toward oneself)	to pull out, to pull back, to withdraw, to retreat	to pull out, to stretch, to spread (something over a surface or a distance)	to subtract, to take away															
引く	conj	minus (subtraction)																									
可愛い	adj	cute, adorable	embarrassed, having a guilty conscience: see 顔映し (kawahayushi).	lovable, adorable, cute	lovable, beloved	pitiable, pitiful																					
用	noun	a task, business, an errand	use (noun)																								
用	suffix	for the use of, for the purpose of, in case of																									
ﾙ																											
絶対	adj	absolute, limitless	certain, definite																								
絶対	adv	absolutely, definitely, certainly																									
絶対	noun	absoluteness, an absolute, unlimitedness																									
一番	noun	a (single) pair, couple, brace (male-female pair of animals)	a style of performance consisting of pairs of left and right dances	first, number one	game, round																						
一番	adv	first	most	most, -est, -most																							
消える	verb	to die	to disappear, to vanish, (of a fire or light) to go out																								
残念	adj	regretful	with connotations of pity, sadness, disappointment, and shame	with connotations of vexation or mortification (often used to end a sentence)																							
残念	noun	regret																									
今夜	noun	this evening; tonight																									
〈																											
第	prefix	ordinal marker, often with affix 号																									
自由	adj	flexible	free (as in freedom)																								
自由	noun	a toilet, a restroom	demand (for goods or services)	freedom, liberty																							
間違い	noun	a mistake	an error by mistake, misjudgment, or misconception.	trouble; an accident																							
間違い	verb	stem or continuative form of 間違う (machigau)																									
嫌																											
本	counter	blades of grass and tree trunks	falcons	films or TV shows	home runs or goals	long cylindrical things such as glasses of drink, pairs of jeans, pens or trains and buses	rounds of a match in boxing, wrestling or judo																				
本	noun	a book	a script; a scenario	alternative form of 元	source; origin; root																						
本	prefix	current, this, the matter in question	original, actual, base																								
がる	suffix	to behave or act as if feeling in a certain way	to pretend																								
役	character	duty, office	role, part	service																							
役	noun	labour service	role, service, use	war service, armament, enlisting	war; battle	yaku, scoring combination; a condition that scores points when met, usually in the form of a specific combination of cards or tiles.																					
役	suffix	playing the role of...																									
役	affix	duty; service	put to work, labor	war; battle																							
先ず	adv	about; roughly; just about	anyway	first of all	hardly; not really																						
全く	adv	at all	completely	truly																							
全く	intj	expresses exasperation: honestly																									
全く	adj	adverbial and continuative stem of 全い (mattai)																									
月	noun	a menstrual cycle, menstruation (believed to be caused by the moon)	a month	a natural satellite	a 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”) with various designs of the moon	during the Edo period, a low rank of low-end prostitute	moonlight, moonbeam	short for 月囲い (tsukigakoi): a mistress on a monthly allowance	short for 月曜日 (getsuyōbi): Monday	something that (or someone who) is crude, unrefined, or hickish	the Moon, the eighteenth trump or major arcana card in most traditional Tarot decks	the moon															
月	name	a female given name	a surname																								
月	suffix	month of the year																									
月	affix	menstruation, menstrual cycle	month	moon																							
月	counter	a month (as a duration of time)	month of the year																								
月	adj	crude, unrefined, hickish																									
許す	verb	to allow, to permit	to forgive, to pardon, to excuse																								
元	noun	basis, foundation	capital	cause, origin	cost	principal	yuan (currency)																				
元	prefix	former, erstwhile																									
元	name	a male given name	the Yuan dynasty (1271–1368)																								
証拠	noun	evidence																									
命令	noun	decree from a court	order, direction, instruction, commandment																								
命令	verb	to issue a decree	to order, to command																								
見付かる	verb	be discovered																									
飛ぶ	verb	to fly	to go quickly	to splash, splatter	跳ぶ: to jump																						
初めて	adv	for the first time	for the first time, first	reaching a state after a certain experience; at last, finally																							
初めて	verb	conjunctive form of 初める (someru)																									
真実	noun	synonym of 真如 (shinnyo, “suchness”)	truth; reality																								
真実	name	a female given name	a surname	a unisex given name																							
写真	noun	photograph																									
間違う	verb	to be wrong; to be incorrect	to confuse, to mistake something for something else	to make a mistake; to err																							
逮捕	noun	arrest (of a person)																									
逮捕	verb	to arrest someone																									
犯人	noun	criminal	culprit																								
報告	noun	report, information																									
報告	verb	to advise, to inform a person	to release a report, to report																								
室	character	room																									
室	noun	an ancient type of pithouse	cellar; storage chamber	room																							
口	noun	(by extension) one's speech, one's words	the mouth	the mouthpiece of a flute																							
口	counter	used to count bladed weapons or tools	used to count open-mouthed containers	used to count people	used to count per-person portions																						
番	noun	one's turn (as in a game, etc.)																									
番	counter	matches																									
番	suffix	-th: forms ordinal numerals	verses and the following chorus																								
彼処	pron	that aforementioned place	yon place, that place yonder, that place over there, that area over there, that part over there																								
簡単	adj	brief, light, short	easy	simple, uncomplicated																							
簡単	noun	ease	lightness, brevity	simplicity																							
相手	noun	opponent	other person	partner																							
破壊	noun	destruction, demolition																									
破壊	verb	destroy; demolish; vandalize																									
秘密	adj	secret																									
秘密	noun	secret																									
気付く	verb	to be revived, to come back to one's senses	to become aware, to notice																								
無	character	nil	none	not	nothing	nothingness																					
無	noun	mu; the null set: neither yes nor no (in response to a koan or other question that mistakenly assumes an affirmative or negative answer).	nothing, nothingness																								
無	prefix	non-, un-																									
さえ	particle	as long as	even																								
さえ	name	a female given name																									
さえ	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of さえる (saeru)																									
勧みる																											
ｱ																											
スーパー	prefix	super-																									
スーパー	noun	clipping of スーパーインポーズ (sūpāinpōzu, “superimposed captions”)	clipping of スーパーマーケット (sūpāmāketto, “supermarket”)	short for スーパー受信機 (sūpā jushinki)																							
血	noun	blood																									
存在	noun	being; entity	existence																								
存在	verb	to exist																									
アメリカ	name	America (one of the continents of North America or South America)	America, United States of America (a country in North America)																								
元気	adj	energetic	healthy	in a good mood; peppy; lively																							
元気	noun	energy	good spirits; vitality; cheer; liveliness; enthusiasm	health, healthfulness	the fundamental force that permeates through all matter and life																						
元気	name	a male given name																									
盗む	verb	to steal																									
払う	verb	to drive away, to get rid of	to empty	to give away, to pay	to write as a sweeping stroke to the bottom right (㇏)																						
ゲーム	noun	game	video game																								
週間	noun	a specially designated seven-day period such as a Traffic Safety Week	week																								
4																											
らしい	suffix	it seems that; I guess that	to be like or equivalent to; to be perceived as	to cause a feeling or emotion																							
兄弟	noun	brothers	brothers and sisters; brethren (brotherhood, fellowship)	姉妹, 兄妹, 姉弟: (by extension) siblings in general																							
昔	adv	once (in the indeterminate past)																									
昔	noun	ancient	the past, old times																								
捕まえる	verb	to arrest, to seize	to catch; to take hold of																								
うん	intj	yeah, uh-huh, mhm (an interjection expressing agreement)																									
うん	adv	strainingly, with a grunt	sufferingly, groaningly																								
うん	prefix	added to various verbs to indicate forceful or excessive action	several; some vague number of																								
側	noun	side	the first of the Eight Principles of Yong	vicinity	vicinity, near, beside, side																						
側	affix	side																									
楽しむ	verb	to enjoy oneself	to enjoy something																								
																											
考え	noun	idea	opinion	thought																							
考え	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 考える (kangaeru)																									
犯罪	noun	a crime; an act that breaks law																									
まじ	verb	indicating impossibility	indicating negative surmise	indicating negative volition	indicating prohibition	should not; must not																					
走る	verb	alternative spelling of ハシる	to appear briefly; to flash	to crack	to feel palpitations; to have a sense of unease	to flow vigorously (of liquid)	to give over oneself to; to commit oneself to (usually something bad)	to lead or extend in a certain direction	to move forward; (of a machine) to operate, function; (of objects) to move at a high speed (of a vehicle)	to move smoothly; to slide	to run (move fast on foot)	to run away, escape	to run through some kind of place	to rush, hurry around	to spread out, scatter, splatter, spout												
対する	verb	be in response to, be against	face each other	to pertain to																							
大きな																											
行動	noun	action; behavior																									
行動	verb	to act																									
研究	noun	a piece of research, a study, investigation																									
研究	verb	to research, to study																									
ﾏ																											
警官	noun	police officer																									
最も	adv	most, -est																									
ぱ	syllable	The hiragana syllable ぱ (pa). Its equivalent in katakana is パ (pa).																									
決める	verb	to decide on a common course of action: to be accustomed to do, to do habitually	to decide on an opinion: to believe in an opinion firmly	to decide to do something: to do something on purpose	to make a choice between multiple alternatives, to decide	to make an impressive or attractive physical appearance, usually by grooming oneself or making some unusual gestures	to perform a maneuver, to carry out a tactical action	キメる: (derogatory) to decide to eat or use something: to eat, to intake, to consume																			
監視	noun	surveillance																									
監視	verb	to observe, to monitor, to supervise																									
唯一	noun	uniqueness																									
残す	verb	hand down to relatives, the next generation	leave over, leave behind, let remain																								
爆弾	noun	bivalve shell that contains mud instead of flesh	bomb																								
記録	noun	record (most extreme known value of some achievement), such as in sports	recording, minutes																								
記録	verb	to document; to record																									
済む	verb	to be sorry	to do with, to manage with	to finish, to be complete, to be settled	to get off, to incur minor consequences, to settle																						
ばかり	particle	full of	just (recently completed action)	only, always																							
ばかり	adv	just; only; nothing but																									
員	noun	member																									
員	suffix	member																									
員	affix	member																									
達也	name	a male given name																									
地球	name	Earth; Terra																									
有り	noun	OK, acceptable	nominalization of 有る (aru): there is, available																								
有り	verb	Classical Japanese form of 有る (aru): to be, to exist	stem or continuative form of 有る (aru)																								
士	noun	samurai, warrior																									
士	suffix	person with a certain qualification																									
件	noun	case	clause, passage, paragraph	example	incident; happening	kudan; half-human, half-ox mythical creature	matter	precedent	subject																		
４																											
普通	adj	Used when straightforwardly describing one's opinion.	common, ordinary																								
普通	noun	the common, the ordinary, nothing special																									
高い	adj	high, tall	superior	高い, 高価い: expensive																							
任せる	verb	entrust something to someone else, defer something to someone, leave something up to someone																									
気持ち	noun	a feeling, sensation, feelings	a little, a bit	a state of mind, mood	feeling depending on a physical condition	mood of a place; atmosphere																					
生活	noun	life; livelihood; daily living.																									
生活	verb	live a life																									
陛下	noun	Your Majesty; His Majesty; Her Majesty	down the steps to the emperor's palace, looking up																								
後ろ	noun	one's backside	the back, the behind, the rear (both spatially and temporally)																								
勇気	noun	courage																									
飛行	noun	flying; flight																									
飛行	verb	to fly																									
犬	character	a dog	the dog radical (いぬ)																								
犬	noun	dog, canine	servant; one who is loyal (like a dog)	spy																							
捨てる	verb	to abandon	to desert; to jilt	to throw away																							
耐える																											
実際	noun	actual condition, actuality	practice (as opposed to theory)	status quo																							
実際	adv	indeed, in fact, actually																									
ショー	noun	show (broadcast program)	show (live entertainment)																								
焚く	verb	to burn/light a fire; to throw into a fire	to drink saké	to instigate	to smoke	use (a flash)	炊く: to cook food through a fire; to boil; to heat water																				
深い	adj	close	deep, profound	thick																							
深い	suffix	deep, profound																									
大変	adj	difficult, hard	serious, grave	terrible																							
大変	adv	very, greatly																									
大変	noun	difficulty	disaster	dreadfulness																							
去る	verb	to leave																									
奇麗																											
冗談	noun	a joke																									
ながら	particle	both (doing verb)	though, notwithstanding	while, during, while doing (verb)																							
移動	noun	a transfer	migration																								
移動	verb	to enter	to migrate	to transfer, to move																							
らえ																											
責任	noun	duty	responsibility																								
選択	noun	a selection; a choice; an option																									
選択	verb	to select; to choose																									
場	noun	a field	a flattened area used for festivals or ceremonies	a place	a place where events are held	a situation, the circumstances of a particular place and time	a trading floor, as in a market or exchange	an act, a section of a play																			
場	counter	an act, a section of a play																									
場	suffix	place, arena, course	while, period																								
頂く	verb	to place on or above one's head	to receive; humble version of 貰う (morau, “to get, to receive”)	to take food or drink: to eat, to drink																							
足	character	enough, sufficient	foot	satisfy, fulfill																							
足	noun	foot																									
足	counter	counter for pairs of socks, shoes, etc.																									
着く	verb	arrive, reach a destination																									
怒る	verb	to be shaped roughly	to get angry, to anger	to go rumble, to behave roughly	to scold																						
政府	noun	cabinet	government																								
カメラ	noun	camera	movie camera	surveillance camera	video camera																						
丁度																											
美しい	adj	adorable, beloved	beautiful																								
気分	noun	feeling, mood																									
言々																											
─																											
真	character	naturalness	reality	regular script	sincerity	truth																					
真	noun	truth, reality																									
真	affix	a true statement	complete, wholly	natural, pristine	regular script (楷書, kaisho)	truth, reality, genuineness																					
真	name	a male given name	a male or female given name	a surname																							
チャンス	noun	chance (an opportunity or possibility)																									
出し	verb	continuative of 出す																									
出し	noun	A pretext or excuse.	alternative spelling of だし: dashi, broth																								
母親	noun	mother																									
奪う	verb	to fascinate	to take by force, to rob, to snatch, to pillage																								
失敗	noun	failure, miscarriage	mistake, fault, error																								
失敗	verb	fail	make a mistake																								
学校	noun	school (institution dedicated to teaching and learning)																									
マン	suffix	-man																									
大統領	noun	a president (the head of state of a republic)																									
扠																											
女の子	noun	a child that is female: a girl	a child that is female; a girl	a woman																							
解決	noun	Progression from dissonance to consonance; a chord to which such progression is made; resolution	solution, settlement																								
解決	verb	be solved, be settled	can be solved; be soluble	solve, resolve, settle (a problem, a trouble, a criminal case)																							
以外	postp	apart from; excepting (something)																									
愛	noun	affection	agape	fondness, liking	love	something dear or loved	tenderness																				
愛	name	a female given name	a surname																								
愛	affix	love	short for 愛州 (“Idaho (a state of the United States)”)																								
愛	prefix	before a common noun, expresses a sense of admiration or value: good, genuine; compare English the real deal	before a noun describing a person, expresses praise or fondness: dear, beloved																								
店	noun	a commercial building; a store; a shop																									
店	suffix	store, branch (of a store company)																									
幸せ	adj	fortunate, lucky	happy																								
幸せ	noun	a moment when circumstances come together: fate, opportunity (used to indicate both good and bad instances)	circumstances, the flow of events	good fortune, good luck	happiness																						
黒	character	black																									
黒	noun	a black stone; the person who plays black stones	a 女房詞 (nyōbō kotoba, “woman's word”) for 鍋 (nabe, “pot, pan”) or 釜 (kama, “pot, kettle”)	an anarchist	anarchy as a belief system or philosophy	black (color)	guilt; the guilty one, the guilty party	short for 黒字 (kuroji): black as an accounting term, indicating a profit	short for 黒幕 (kuromaku): a black curtain (someone influencing or controlling matters from behind the scenes)																		
互い	noun	a mutual relationship, doing with each other																									
限り	noun	... only (e.g. "one time only", "today only")	as far as (indicating speaker's knowledge)	as long as	end of one's life; final moments; death	funeral; burial	limit, extent, scope	to the best of one's ability	unless... (after negative verb)	very, to a great extent																	
戦い	noun	a fight, battle, or by extension, a war	a match, competition, contest, or race	an army or military; troops	any conflict or strife																						
実	character	fruit	reality	truth																							
実	noun	being real	clitoris	contents; substance; essence	core; root; essence	dividend	fruit (a product of fertilization in a plant)	good result	ingredients of soup (meat or vegetables)	results; achievements	seed	seed; stone; pit	sincerity; fidelity	tongue (projecting part on a board meant to fit into a groove on another board, as in tongue and groove)	truth; reality												
実	name	a female given name	a male given name	a surname	a unisex given name																						
既に	adv	already																									
あっ	intj	Ah! Oh!																									
信頼	noun	reliance, trust, confidence																									
信頼	verb	to trust																									
音	character	news, tidings	short for 字音 (jion): Chinese-derived reading of a kanji	short for 音楽 (ongaku): music	sound	speech (phonetics)	timbre																				
音	noun	a reply, response	a sound	a sound, voice	news, tidings	reading of a Chinese character outside the Japanese language; rime	short for 音楽 (ongaku): music	short for 音読み (on'yomi): the Chinese-derived reading of a kanji	sound	sound; echo; voice	speech sound	the cry of an animal	when used with a "hear" verb, a rumor or fame														
音	affix	alternative form of 音 (on)	news; tidings; word	sound																							
システム	noun	system																									
邪魔	noun	a demon or devil of perversity, a hindrance to the practice of Buddhism	a nuisance, a bother	a visit	an obstacle, a hindrance, interference																						
邪魔	verb	to be a bother, obstacle, nuisance, hindrance	to impede, to obstruct																								
非常	adj	extraordinary, unusual																									
非常	noun	emergency																									
取り引き																											
薬	character	chemical	medicine, drug																								
薬	affix	a medicine or drug																									
薬	noun	a chemical, generally toxic and used for its effect on living organisms, such as insecticide or herbicide	a medicine or drug, a pharmaceutical	a medicine or drug, especially a narcotic or other recreational drug	a small bribe	a substance that has a beneficial effect in improving or maintaining one's health	a substance with mystical properties, especially one that has an effect on the body, health, or lifespan	gunpowder (from the “mystical substance” sense, and the second character in the word 火薬 (kayaku, “gunpowder”))	short for 釉薬 (uwagusuri): a glaze or enamel applied to ceramics	something that has a beneficial effect in correcting one's mistakes																	
運転	noun	driving, steering (a vehicle)	operations (of a public transit organisation)																								
運転	verb	to drive																									
経つ	verb	to pass																									
大きい	adj	big	broad, immense	important; crucial																							
美咲	name	a female given name																									
沿う	verb	to follow (rules, guidelines, etc.)	to run along (a river, railway, road, etc.), to line (the shore etc.)																								
パーティー	noun	a party (social gathering)	party (group)																								
など	adv	how, in what way																									
など	particle	等: for example, things like, such as, etc., and so on																									
先生	noun	a scholar	a teacher or a professor	an elder	sensei (Japanese martial arts teacher)	sir, a polite form of address to teachers, doctors, etc.	teacher, professor																				
先生	suffix	a title used after the name of teachers, doctors, lawyers, or certain other professionals																									
小	noun	during the Kamakura and Muromachi periods, a unit of field area equal to around 400 square metres	short for 小の月 (shō no tsuki)	smallness; small size, small (sometimes used as an abbreviation for small serving, etc.)																							
小	prefix	attached to certain names to give expression or feelings	attached to certain nouns to mean:	attached to certain nouns:	fine	infant	less in intensity, small, light, slight	less in size or quantity, small, little, short	of secondary importance, secondary, sub-	slight	small	small in shape or scale	small, little	used proverbially to represent "small" or "slight"													
小	suffix	suffix after names of elementary schools																									
小	name	a surname																									
６																											
会社	noun	a company																									
手伝う	verb	to help; to assist																									
驚く																											
多い	adj	there are many, there is much, there are numerous, there is an abundance, there amply exists, abounding																									
里	noun	a country house	a red-light district	a separate home or boarding situation to which one's own children are sent for upbringing or education	a unit of distance:	boorishness, hickishness	from the early modern until the end of the Edo period, defined as equal to 36 町 (chō), approximately between 3.6 to 4.2 kilometers	from the mid-Meiji period, defined as equal to ^(129,600)⁄₃₃ meters, approximately 3.927 kilometers or 2.44 miles	one's birth, parentage, origins	the country, countryside	the lay world (as opposed to life within a temple)	the original home of a household member (such as a wife, adoptee, or other person who has joined the household from outside)	under the 律令 (Ritsuryō) system, a unit of area for regional administration, equal to 50 戸 (ko, “houses”)	under the 律令 (Ritsuryō) system, defined as equal to 300 歩 (bu) or 1500 尺 (shaku)	郷: a village	郷: one's hometown											
里	adj	boorish, hickish																									
里	name	a female given name	a male given name	a placename	a surname																						
里	affix	village																									
協力	noun	cooperation; working together																									
協力	verb	to cooperate																									
面白い	adj	funny	interesting; amusing	satisfactory, favourable, desirable																							
決して	adv	never, by no means	not in the least																								
決して	verb	conjunctive form of 決する (kessuru)																									
待	character	wait																									
ロック	noun	lock	on the rocks (served over ice)	rock (style of music)																							
ロック	verb	lock																									
認める	verb	eat; put down (a meal)	prepare	subdue	to accept, admit, to approve, to allow	to acknowledge	to appreciate, to witness	to concede	to observe or notice	to recognize	treat; deal with	write (some text; a letter); put down (one's thoughts on paper)															
生まれる	verb	to be born	to come into existence																								
壁	noun	a vertical cliff	a 掛詞 (kakekotoba) for 寝る (nuru) by way of 塗る (nuru)	something that impedes progress	tofu	wall																					
発見	noun	discovery																									
発見	verb	to discover																									
目的	noun	a purpose; a goal; an objective																									
夫	character	husband	man	that, those																							
夫	noun	husband	spouse, consort																								
少ない	adj	not many, few, little																									
恐れる																											
結果	noun	the performance, the accomplishment, the achievement	the result, effect, consequence																								
結果	verb	bear fruit																									
骨	character	bone	skeleton																								
骨	noun	a bone, particularly a covering bone such as a skull or kneecap	bone	knack, trick	remains, ashes, bones																						
特別	adj	special																									
サム																											
ジャック	noun	a hijack	a jack	a jack (surface mounted connector)																							
ジャック	name	Jack	Jacques																								
ジャック	verb	to hijack																									
幾	character	almost, nearly (ほとんど)	how many (いく)	omen (きざし)	please (こいねがう)																						
幾	noun	some, several																									
幾	prefix	how many, how much	some, many, having a considerable number	some, several, having an indefinite number or quantity																							
開く	verb	to begin	to bloom	to open	to open, lift, uncover, unpack	to start, open (a store)	to write a Japanese word using hiragana																				
場合	noun	case, occasion, circumstances, situation	if, when																								
隠れる	verb	become invisible; become latent	hide; conceal oneself	to die																							
貴	character	expensive (たかい)	superior, aristocratic (たかい, とうとい, たっとい, えらい, あてやか)	to esteem (とうとぶ, たっとぶ)	worthful, precious (たかい, とうとい, たっとい)																						
貴	prefix	added to nouns related to people to indicate superiority	added to nouns to indicate respect and possession: your																								
貴	suffix	added after nouns related to people to express love and respect																									
貴	adj	noble, aristocratic, high-born	refined, elegant																								
貴	noun	an honorific term for a deity or person	one's own father (by extension of the “noble” meaning)																								
貴	name	a male given name	a surname																								
生	noun	a living	a raw, uncooked state	life	purity, a lack of any admixture, a state of being undiluted	short for 生ビール (“draft beer”)																					
生	prefix	fresh, draft	live	natural, unprocessed	pure, undefiled, unadulterated	raw, uncooked, rare	unrefined																				
生	pron	I or me, the first person singular (used by males)																									
生	suffix	a student	born in																								
生	affix	life; lifetime																									
罪	noun	guilt	offence	sin																							
罪	adj	sinful																									
罪	suffix	Used after the name of an action, to form the name of a criminal charge																									
過去	noun	the past (period of time that has already happened)																									
眠る	verb	to die; to be buried	to sleep																								
求める	verb	to demand, to sue, to compel	to desire, to wish	to find	to seek, to look for																						
風	character	alternative spelling of 諷 (fū): recite	appearance, form, style	custom, influence	drooping	gossip	illness, sickness	poetry, folk song	satire	taste, charm	transmission	wind															
風	noun	a style	airs	combining form of 風 (kaze, “wind”)	wind (movement of air)																						
風	affix	element in compounds related to wind	wind																								
可成																											
大事	adj	difficult, highly troubling	important	seriously ill or injured; grave																							
大事	noun	An important thing; a serious matter; a valuable thing	a serious matter	trouble																							
黙る	verb	being without permission	to be silent	to put up with; to bear																							
朝	noun	a bustling place, such as downtown	a country governed by a monarch	an imperial court	an imperial reign or dynasty	the morning	the morning, morn	the morrow, next morning																			
朝	suffix	dynasty																									
朝	affix	Japan	dynasty, regime	epoch, period	having an audience with the emperor	imperial court	morning	short for 朝鮮 (Chōsen): Korea, specifically short for 朝鮮民主主義人民共和国 (Chōsen Minshu Shugi Jinmin Kyōwakoku): Democratic People's Republic of Korea (North Korea)																			
ちゃんと	adv	always, regularly, punctually	as one should	properly																							
ちゃんと	verb	to be proper, to be exact, to be right																									
夏美	name	a female given name																									
直す	verb	to change, to alter	to correct, to make proper	to fix, to repair	to put back, to put away	to redo something																					
毒	character	poison																									
毒	noun	poison, toxin																									
伯母	noun	an aunt (a parent’s sister or sister-in-law)	an aunt (parent’s sister or sister-in-law) older than one's parent																								
上がる	verb	be promoted, go up (in social standing)	flare up (as in fire)	get out (of a pool, etc.)	go in, enter (a house)	let up, come to an end	rise, ascend, go up	visit, call (on someone)																			
価値	noun	value, worth																									
:																											
勝つ	verb	to win																									
勝つ	suffix	to win when doing something																									
不明	adj	indistinct	unclear	unknown																							
不明	noun	ignorance	uncertainty																								
犠牲	noun	casualty, victim, especially of a disaster	sacrifice																								
動物	noun	animal																									
理子	name	a female given name																									
花	character	beauty	flower	red-light district																							
花	noun	a flower	essence	short for 生け花 (ikebana): flower arrangement	short for 花札 (hanafuda): Japanese playing cards	the best days of one's life	the best thing																				
花	affix	flower	red-light district																								
そ	syllable	The hiragana syllable そ (so). Its equivalent in katakana is ソ (so). It is the fifteenth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is さ行お段 (sa-gyō o-dan, “row sa, section o”).																									
そ	adj	疎	粗																								
そ	noun	俎	十: ten	疎	疏	疽	磯: rocky beach	祖: ancestor	租	粗	素	背: back	衣: clothing	酥, 蘇	阻	麻: hemp											
そ	pron	其, 夫																									
そ	name	楚																									
なんか	particle	何か	何か: (adverbial particle, dismissive, derogatory) emphasizes disgust, contempt, or otherwise negative feelings of the speaker: whatever																								
状態	noun	the state or condition (of something at a certain time); (current) situation																									
身	character	body	identity																								
身	noun	a body	a body; (by extension):	a living body	a rotten tree trunk	meat, flesh (as opposed to skin and bone)	one's position, one's social standing, one's circumstances	oneself	the blade of a sword (as opposed to the handle)	the main part of something	wood (as opposed to the bark)	躯, 骸: a dead body, a corpse															
今度	noun	next time, again, another, this coming	now, this time	recent, last																							
女王	noun	a Japanese prince's unmarried daughter who is descended from the reigning emperor through no more than five generations ("princes" include 親王 (shinnō) or 王 (ō))	a Japanese prince's unmarried daughter who is descended from the reigning emperor through no more than three generations (thus, the emperor's granddaughter or niece; "princes" only include 親王 (shinnō))	a queen (reproductive female animal in a hive)	a queen regnant																						
刑事	noun	a detective	criminal matters																								
（みのり																											
従う	verb	to be moved freely by external force	to follow; to move in the same path or direction	to imitate	to obey; to comply	to respond; to come up as a result	to undertake; to commit oneself to an obligation, activity etc.																				
マイク	noun	clipping of マイクロフォン (maikurofon, “microphone”); a mic	clipping of マイクロホン (maikurohon, “microphone”); a mic																								
以前	noun	before, formerly, ago	the former, the previous																								
難しい	adj	difficult	hard, probably impossible																								
完全	adj	perfect, completed																									
完全	noun	completeness	perfection																								
ょ	combining_form	Small combining form of hiragana よ (yo) used in 拗音 (yōon) morae that end in o, such as しょ (sho), ちょ (cho), and きょ (kyo). Historically not distinguished from full-size version.																									
長	character	chief, head, leader	comfortable, relaxing	elder, old, senior	excellent, great	growing, increasing	long time	long, lengthy	short for 長門国 (Nagato no kuni): Nagato Province																		
長	noun	a manager, a headman, a foreman	an official	chief, head, leader	government service	height	major	strong point																			
長	name	a male or female given name	a place name	a surname	a unisex given name																						
長	affix	short for 長州藩 (Chōshū han): Chōshū Domain	short for 長門国 (Nagato no kuni): Nagato Province																								
長	prefix	long																									
鍵	noun	key	key (tool for opening or locking something)	key; clue (important fact for solving something)	lock																						
否々																											
宇宙	noun	outer space	the universe																								
宇宙	name	a male given name																									
秒	character	second																									
秒	noun	second (one-sixtieth of a minute; SI unit of time)	second (unit of angular measure)																								
恐らく	adv	probably, in all likelihood																									
番号	noun	number (sequence of digits and letters used to register people, automobiles, and various other items)																									
立てる	verb	to release something physical but not solid or liquid	to stand, to place in an upright position	to start (a thread)																							
戻す	verb	restore, set back to a prior state	return, put back	vomit																							
歩く	verb	to walk	to walk through some kind of place																								
6																											
始まる	verb	to begin																									
未来	noun	the future	the future tense	the future, one of the three existences																							
未来	name	a female given name	a unisex given name																								
落ち着く	verb	to relax, calm down	to settle																								
無駄	adj	useless, pointless; meaningless	wasteful																								
無駄	noun	uselessness; no good; being in vain; futility	waste																								
一杯	adv	a lot, loads	fully, filled with																								
一杯	noun	one cup full	one drink																								
装置	noun	equipment; device																									
違い	noun	difference																									
違い	suffix	difference, discrepancy																									
違い	verb	stem or continuative form of 違う (chigau)																									
違い	adj	being different																									
必ず	adv	absolutely, categorically, certainly, definitely, surely	inevitably, invariably, without fail, necessarily, always																								
町	character	path between fields	town																								
町	noun	a fortune-telling line or shape carved or drawn on the shell or bones of turtles or deer	a market	a measure (of land)	a plot (of land)	a section of a palace or residence	a section of a town or city	a section of buildings	a section of where someone lives	a subdivision making up a city	a town, a city	chō (unit of land area, approx. 0.99 hectares)	chō (unit of length, approx. 109.09 m)	grade, quality	tax	the exterior of a red-light district	the interior of a red-light district	the local government	townspeople	under the Jōbō system, a section of a castle town							
町	name	a surname																									
町	suffix	A Chō district; more detailed than 市, 区.	A Machi district; more detailed than 都, 道, 府, 県.																								
静か	adj	calm, tranquil	inaudible, quiet, silent	not busy	still, stopped and not moving																						
被害	noun	damage																									
色々	adj	various																									
色々	adv	variously, in many ways																									
色々	noun	a variety, many ways, many kinds																									
２人																											
変	character	change	strange; odd	used to denote flat accidentals																							
変	adj	strange																									
変	noun	change																									
																											
殆ど	adv	almost, nearly, mostly (everyone, everywhere, everything, etc.)	few, hardly (any)	very nearly, close to, all but																							
殆ど	noun	the most of something, the majority or greater part of something																									
振り	noun	false pretense; pretending	setup line before punch line	swing																							
振り	counter	counter for swords; blades; etc.	swings; shakes																								
振り	suffix	after an interval of, the first time in	風: way of doing																								
両親	noun	both parents																									
其方																											
着る	verb	put on or wear on the upper body or the entire body	take a crime on oneself																								
消す	verb	to cut power; to turn off	to erase, to delete	to extinguish; to put out	to kill, to execute																						
要る	verb	to be necessary, to be needed																									
用意	noun	preparation																									
用意	verb	prepare																									
嫌い	adj	discriminating, distinctive	hateful, detestable, disagreeable																								
嫌い	noun	a suspicion, a tendency, to smack of	discrimination, distinction	in 俳諧 (haikai) and 連歌 (renga), arrangement of verses that tend to be avoided or otherwise disliked																							
嫌い	suffix	hating, hater																									
向け	suffix	for (directed at, intended to belong to)																									
向け	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 向ける (mukeru)																									
化	affix	to change; to take the form of	to influence																								
化	suffix	-ization, -ification; action of making something that way																									
保護	noun	protection; safeguard																									
保護	verb	to shield (to protect, to defend)																									
本物	noun	being lifelike	state of being real	the real thing; the genuine article; not a fake																							
ボス	noun	a boss, especially of a criminal organization	a leader of a group of animals	boss (a particularly challenging enemy that must be beaten in order to progress)																							
記憶	noun	memory; recollection; remembrance																									
記憶	verb	to remember; to memorize; to recollect																									
会	noun	meeting, gathering	society, association, club																								
会	suffix	meeting	party; function																								
会	affix	alternative form of 絵 (e, “picture; drawing; painting”)	gathering; meeting	perceive; understand; comprehend																							
奥	noun	back, rear	inside the house	inside; inner depths	one's heart, true feelings																						
奥	name	a surname																									
奥	affix	clipping of 陸奥国 (Mutsu no kuni): Mutsu Province																									
客	noun	customer; client	foreigner, outsider	guest, visitor	guest; visitor	patron																					
興味	noun	interest																									
調査	noun	investigation, examination, inspection, inquiry, enquiry, survey																									
調査	verb	to investigate, to examine, to inspect, to inquire, to survey																									
海	character	large, wide	sea, ocean	vastly gathered																							
海	noun	a lake	a mare (dark surface of a celestial body, thought to appear like a sea)	a sea, an ocean	an object covering over a large area, as in 血の海 (chi no umi, “pool of blood”) or 火の海 (hi no umi, “sea of fire”)	in a 硯 (suzuri, “inkstone”), a reservoir where water is stored	sea, ocean																				
海	name	a female given name																									
海	prefix	of the sea, of the ocean																									
海	affix	sea; ocean																									
まさか	adv	unexpectedly, inconceivably, impossibly, surely																									
まさか	intj	no shit	no way, come off it	of course not, don't be silly																							
まさか	noun	an unexpected event																									
正直	adj	honest (scrupulous with regard to telling the truth)																									
正直	noun	honesty																									
正直	adv	honestly, to tell the truth																									
近く	adv	soon, before long																									
近く	noun	the vicinity, the neighborhood																									
学ぶ	verb	to learn (by being taught)	to learn (by imitating someone or something)	to study																							
成功	noun	success	success in life, achievement in the world																								
成功	verb	be successful in life	succeed																								
結構	noun	a plan or scheme	alternative name for 茗荷 (myōga): myoga or Japanese ginger	preparations	such an assembly or composition	the assembly or composition of things into a single unified whole																					
結構	verb	to assemble or compose things into a single unified whole	to plan or scheme	to prepare																							
結構	adj	fine, sufficient, tolerable	no thank you, all right, fine, enough	of unspecified gravity	splendid, wonderful																						
結構	adv	quite																									
病院	noun	hospital (large medical facility)																									
遅い																											
‐																											
想像	noun	guess, suppose	imagination																								
想像	verb	guess, suppose	imagine																								
最悪	adj	the worst																									
最悪	noun	the worst																									
爆発	noun	eruption	explosion, blast, detonation																								
爆発	verb	to "explode"; to meet an end	to explode																								
伯父	noun	uncle (older than one’s parent)																									
願い	noun	prayer	request	wish; desire																							
願い	verb	stem or continuative form of 願う (negau)																									
起こす	verb	to cause (something to happen); to bring about	to raise	to wake (someone); to get (someone) up																							
ニック	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Nick or Nic																									
注意	noun	attention	caution; warning																								
注意	verb	to be careful, to watch out, to exercise caution																									
誓う	verb	to swear, to pledge, to make an oath, to vow																									
信用	noun	belief, trust, confidence	reliance																								
信用	verb	to believe, to trust	to rely on																								
昨日	noun	last night	yesterday																								
丸で																											
経験	noun	experience (an experience or one's (overall) experience)																									
経験	verb	to experience																									
作戦	noun	operation	strategy																								
伯れ																											
下りる	verb	to be granted, be given	to go down, descend																								
構う																											
素敵	adj	lovely	wonderful, splendid																								
奴ら																											
携帯	noun	ellipsis of 携帯電話 (keitai denwa, “cell phone”)	holding	portable																							
携帯	verb	to carry, to bring with oneself																									
渡る	verb	to go across, to go over, to pass through	to migrate, especially far away	to pass in ownership from one person to another	航る, 済る: to succesfully cross a river or other obstacle	航る: to traverse by boat, to travel across the sea																					
弟	noun	a younger male	one’s own younger brother	younger brother																							
姿	character	figure, shape																									
姿	noun	figure, appearance, form, aspect, shape																									
隊	character	team																									
裁判	noun	court	trial																								
悪魔	noun	a demon, devil, fiend	a fiend (very evil person)	a mara, a demon seeking to prevent enlightenment	the Devil																						
火	noun	a burning passion	a conflagration	a fire	a fire:	a firestarter	a flame	a light	a signal fire	cooking fire	heat	light (matches or lighter)	menstruation	one of the five classical elements in traditional Chinese philosophy and medicine: see Wu Xing on Wikipedia.Wikipedia	short for 火曜日 (kayōbi): Tuesday	sparks	under the old 律令 (Ritsuryō) system of ancient Japan, a military grouping, consisting of 10 soldiers: a squad										
火	affix	burning	explosive	fire	imminently	light	passion																				
火	name	Antares, in the constellation Scorpio																									
ミス	noun	Miss (term of address for a woman, especially an unmarried woman)	a beauty pageant contestant; a beauty pageant	an unmarried woman	mistake, error	myth, legend																					
ミス	verb	make a mistake																									
ヘイ																											
古い	adj	from a long time ago	old, aged, antiquated																								
兎に角	adv	anyway, anyhow, in any case, be that as it may																									
思い出す	verb	remember, recall, evoke memory of																									
任務	noun	duty, task, mission																									
20																											
現われる																											
小さな	adnominal	small, little, tiny (of size or amount)	small, minor (of extent, scale or importance)	young, little (of age)																							
許可	noun	a legal permit, legal permission	permission, consent																								
許可	verb	to grant legal permission	to permit, to allow																								
く	syllable	The hiragana syllable く (ku). Its equivalent in katakana is ク (ku). It is the eighth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is か行う段 (ka-gyō u-dan, “row ka, section u”).																									
く	verb	来: come	消: disappear																								
く	suffix	A nominalizing suffix in Old Japanese.																									
だい	particle	a particle used to state something with conviction	an interrogative particle																								
証明	noun	proof	proof; evidence; verification																								
証明	verb	to prove	to prove; to confirm																								
残り	noun	the remainder, the rest, leftover, residue																									
妹	noun	a close female companion	a younger female	one's lover or sweetheart who is the subject of marriage or is already married	one's own younger sister	one's sister regardless of age difference	synonym of 妹 (imōto, “one's own younger sister”)	the wife of one's younger brother; one's sister-in-law	younger sister																		
妹	name	a female given name	a placename																								
妹	affix	one's own younger sister																									
取れる	verb	be taken as (be interpreted in a certain way)	come off, become detached	subside (especially of a fever, pain, etc.)	the potential form of 取る, to be obtainable	to come off	to keep, to maintain																				
刑務	noun	prison affairs, prison administration																									
訓練	noun	training; practice																									
訓練	verb	to practice; to drill																									
現場	noun	actual spot	factory floor, workplace																								
最近	noun	the latest; the most recent																									
最近	adv	nowadays	recently																								
売る	verb	to agitate, to incite	to sell someone out, to betray	to sell something (to agree to transfer goods)																							
年間	noun	the period of one year																									
品	noun	a type of rank for officials in East Asian courts	article, goods	course, dish	grace, elegance	quality	refinement	stock																			
品	counter	a type of rank for officials in East Asian courts	an item (on the menu) or dish																								
腕	character	ability	arm	talent																							
腕	noun	ability; skill; talent	arm																								
美味しい	adj	attractive, appealing, desirable	delicious, tasty, something that tastes good	physically and/or sexually attractive, hot.																							
治療	noun	cure	medical treatment																								
治療	verb	to cure	to treat (medically)																								
若い	adj	energetic, fresh	immature	lesser in an order, smaller, earlier	young, juvenile																						
ベン																											
警備	noun	defense, guard, guarding, policing, security	patrol	security guard																							
警備	verb	keep guard, stand guard, defend																									
服	character	an amount equal to one swallow (act of swallowing), a gulp	clothing	obey																							
服	counter	an amount equal to one swallow:	doses of medicine	gulps of tea	puffs of tobacco																						
服	noun	clothes																									
服	suffix	clothes																									
語	noun	a proverb	a word, term																								
語	suffix	language of, -ese, -ish																									
語	affix	short for 物語 (monogatari): story, tale, narrative	talk, speak	word, language, term																							
兵士	noun	a rank of a member of the Salvation Army	a soldier																								
全	character	whole; entire; all																									
全	noun	entire, complete, overall																									
全	prefix	all, pan-, omni-	completely, totally, in its entirety																								
完璧	adj	perfect, infallible, complete																									
完璧	noun	perfection, infallibility, completeness																									
追跡	noun	chase, pursuit	tracking, following																								
追跡	verb	to chase, to pursue at speed	to track, to follow the traces of something																								
弁護	noun	advocacy, defense																									
弁護	verb	advocate, plead																									
稀	adj	rare																									
笑う	verb	to become weak and wobbly (as in the knees)	to bud, become green and verdant, and bloom in spring (as the landscape)	to come undone (as a stitch or seam)	to laugh	to laugh at, to make fun of, to make a fool of	to smile	to split open (as a plant bud), to bloom	to split open from ripening (as fruit or vegetables)	to spontaneously express joy or amusement by means of the voice or facial expression:																	
ビル	noun	banknote, note, draft, coupon, certificate, promissory note	bill of sale, invoice	clipping of ビルディング (birudingu, “(non-residential) building”)																							
ビル	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Bill	a transliteration of the German surname Bill																								
運ぶ	verb	to convey, transport, move																									
抜ける	verb	potential form of 抜く (nuku)	to be extracted, to come out	to be transparent																							
ろ	syllable	The hiragana syllable ろ (ro). Its equivalent in katakana is ロ (ro). It is the forty-third syllable in the gojūon order; its position is ら行お段 (ra-gyō o-dan, “row ra, section o”).																									
ろ	suffix	denotes endearment																									
魔法	noun	an organized body or system of magical use, i.e. Wicca, the Kabbalah and Onmyōdō	spellwork such as magical formulas, incantations, spells, etc.	the arts of magic, spellcraft, witchcraft, wizardry, sorcery																							
予定	noun	expectation, estimate	plan	schedule																							
予定	verb	be planned	expect																								
御陰																											
徳井																											
主	character	lord, master	main, principal																								
主	noun	head of the family	master, mistress	one's husband	proprietor, landlord																						
主	name	the Lord																									
地	character	earth; ground																									
地	noun	a place, a region, a piece of land	earth, dirt	earth, land, ground	fabric, cloth	territory	territory, dominion	the bottom	the bottom margin																		
地	suffix	place, area																									
病気	noun	sickness, illness, disease																									
病気	adj	abnormal, mentally ill	ill, sick																								
押す	verb	to focus one's attack	to ignore an injury	to persuade	to press	to push; to thrust; to shove	to stamp																				
医者	noun	doctor																									
頑張る	verb	to strive unrelentingly in the face of difficulty, to persevere	to work hard and do one's best to achieve a goal																								
デート	noun	date (pre-arranged social meeting, meeting with a lover or a potential lover)																									
デート	verb	to date (someone)																									
技術	noun	technology; technique; technical																									
能力	noun	ability; capability; capacity; faculty																									
事故	noun	accident; incident; trouble																									
常	character	Hitachi Province	continuation	eternal, unchanging	ordinary, usual																						
常	adv	always, constantly, consistently																									
常	noun	a traditional Japanese unit of length, equal to one 丈 (jō, roughly three meters) and three 尺 (shaku, roughly one foot or thirty centimeters)	a traditional Japanese unit of measure for the area of an agricultural field or paddy, equal to either 360 歩 (bu, around 1190 square meters), later reduced to 300 歩 (bu)/坪 (tsubo, almost 992 square meters)	a traditional Japanese unit of measure for the length of cut cloth, equal to one 丈 (jō, roughly three meters) and three 尺 (shaku, roughly one foot or thirty centimeters)	constant, continuous, always	custom, habit, practice	permanence, eternity	usual, ordinary, everyday, normal																			
常	counter	counter for cuts or strips of something																									
常	adj	eternal, permanent, consistent	normal, everyday, regular, usual, ordinary	permanent, eternal	usual, ordinary																						
常	prefix	eternal, forever, unchanging, everlasting																									
書	noun	document	letter																								
半田	noun	solder																									
半田	name	a city in Aichi Prefecture, Japan	a surname																								
無事	adj	safe and sound	successful without any problem																								
無事	noun	good health	peace	safety																							
メール	noun	email	text message																								
メール	verb	to email someone	to text someone																								
期待	noun	expectation																									
期待	verb	expect	hope for																								
レンジャー	noun	ranger (person)																									
精神	noun	psyche; spirit; soul; mind; will																									
法	character	law, rule	method	model	principle	system																					
法	noun	alternative spelling of フラン	code of law	dharma	divisor	etiquette	law	method	mood	principle																	
全然	adv	at all (with negative verb)	totally, completely (with affirmative verb)																								
マシン	noun	machine (mechanical device)																									
部	counter	copies of a newspaper or magazine																									
部	noun	division, divide, a part	section, bureau, department																								
部	suffix	category	division, bureau	school club																							
トラック	noun	lorry (UK), truck (US) (vehicle)	track																								
ニューヨーク	name	New York (a state of the United States)	New York, New York City (the largest city in the state of New York, and the largest city in the United States, a metropolis extending into neighboring New Jersey)																								
ガール	noun	girl																									
ドイツ	name	Germany (a country in Central Europe, formed in 1949 as West Germany, with its provisional capital Bonn until 1990, when it incorporated East Germany)																									
到着	noun	arrival																									
到着	verb	arrive																									
過ごす	verb	do something too much, carry something too far	spend, pass (time); have (a holiday)																								
今回	noun	this time, this																									
スパイ	noun	a spy	espionage																								
スパイ	verb	conduct espionage, spy																									
クリス	name	Chris																									
諦める	verb	to abandon	to give up, to despair																								
科学	noun	a field of study	science																								
ベッド	noun	bed (piece of furniture to sleep on)																									
組織	noun	organization (a group of people with a purpose)	system (a group of people)	tissue (a group of similar cells that function together to do a specific job)																							
組織	verb	to organize something																									
容疑	noun	suspicion, charge																									
進む	verb	to go forward, to advance, to progress	to improve, to progress																								
試す	verb	to test, to try																									
１０																											
癖	character	habit; tendency																									
癖	noun	a bend or distortion that cannot be easily straightened or flattened	crease (in clothing)	habit; tendency	kink; curl (in hair)	unusual trait; peculiarity																					
希望	noun	hope (expectations)	that which one hopes for	wish; hope; desire																							
希望	verb	to wish for; to hope for																									
希望	name	a female given name	a male given name																								
狙う	verb	to aim	to have one's eye on something	to seek	to watch for opportunity																						
パワー	noun	power, including physical strength, motive force, authority, and electricity																									
本気	adj	serious																									
本気	noun	seriousness																									
更に	adv	even more	furthermore, moreover	not at all, not in the least, not any																							
地下	noun	a common courtier (a courtier who didn't get access to the imperial palace)	underground; subterranean																								
データ	noun	data (information)																									
耳	noun	crust (of bread)	ear; ears	selvedge (woven edge of a bolt of fabric)																							
ジェーン	name	Jane																									
侵入	noun	invasion	penetration	trespassing																							
侵入	verb	to break in	to invade	to trespass																							
我が	adnominal	my	our																								
や免																											
島	noun	an island (land surrounded by water)	one's domain, territory, turf																								
島	name	a surname																									
島	affix	island																									
左	noun	a leftist	left, the side of the left hand	the following (one)	the left in vertical writing																						
左	prefix	"of the left", senior or superior to 右 (u-, “of the right”)	to the left; on the left side																								
空く	verb	become empty (not crowded; not full)	become empty, unoccupied, vacated	become free (not busy)	become open (of a job etc.)	become unused, free	have space between, be open																				
キャロル	noun	a carol (religious song or ballad of joy)																									
美月																											
利用	noun	exploitation, taking advantage of	use, usage, utilization, application																								
利用	verb	exploit, take advantage of	use, utilize																								
止まる	verb	to remain; to stay	to stop	to stop, to be stopped																							
個人	noun	individual																									
ファイル	noun	file	file (collection of papers)																								
アレックス	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Alex																									
ピーター	name	Peter																									
撥ねる	verb	curl up	hit (especially for a vehicle to hit someone)	reject, eliminate	splash																						
点	counter	items, goods, artworks	points; marks (in a competition, examination, etc.)																								
点	noun	point	score, grade, mark(s)	spot, dot																							
フランク	adj	frank (open and forthcoming)																									
フランク	noun	clipping of フランクフルト (furankufuruto, “frankfurter, a kind of sausage”)																									
フランク	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Frank	a transliteration of the English surname Frank	a transliteration of the French surname Franck																							
関する	verb	concern, have to do with																									
猿	character	monkey																									
猿	noun	a monkey	a monkey (primate)	an ape (animal)	short for 日本猿 (Nihonzaru, “Japanese macaque”)																						
猿	affix	monkey																									
倒す	verb	avoid paying (a debt)	defeat	fell; throw down; knock down; cause something upright to become horizontal	kill	overthrow																					
倒す	suffix	to a great extent																									
貸す	verb	to lease	to lend; to let someone use	to rent out; (British English) to hire out																							
映画	noun	movie, film																									
姉	character	older sister																									
姉	noun	elder sister																									
永遠	noun	eternity																									
永遠	adj	forever, eternal																									
連中	noun	those guys, a group, bunch of people																									
代わり	noun	compensation, exchange	second helping, refill	substitute, deputy, proxy	substitution, substitute																						
代わり	verb	stem or continuative form of 代わる (kawaru)																									
代わり	suffix	substitute, replacement																									
落とす	verb	to download	to drop something	to fail an examination	to make a woman one's girlfriend	to remove/take off																					
園	character	field, plantation	garden, park	preschool (nursery, kindergarten)																							
園	noun	a garden, park (especially one with trees)	a place, location	an orchard, plantation	preschool	short for 保育園 (hoikuen) nursery school	short for 幼稚園 (yōchien) kindergarten																				
園	affix	garden, park																									
園	name	a female given name	a surname																								
線	noun	beam	level	line																							
線	suffix	line	ray																								
マーフィー																											
時代	noun	a time in one's life, one's days (in college etc.)	age, era, period (of time)	antiquity	the times, spirit of the age																						
大学	name	Great Learning																									
大学	noun	a university; a college																									
裏	noun	backside; back; behind; other side	bottom (of an inning)	inside	reverse side of a coin ("tails")																						
警告	noun	warning																									
警告	verb	to warn																									
弾	character	bounce, bound	pellet, bullet, shot, shell																								
弾	counter	round (stage)																									
弾	affix	projectile																									
館	noun	a form of address or reference for a noble	a house-shaped structure on a cart, such as a caravan	a large building	a mansion, a manor house, an estate	a mansion, a villa, an estate	a movie theatre	a roofed structure on a boat, shaped like a house	a small castle or fort	a temporary house, a temporary shelter	clipping of 屋形船 (yakata-bune): a houseboat	lodgings along a stagecoach route, an inn															
館	suffix	a hall, a building, a section of a building, a house																									
行くぞ																											
バリー																											
現実	noun	reality																									
ー	combining_form	The long-vowel mark, which marks a long vowel in katakana (and less commonly in hiragana) when placed after a syllable.																									
右	character	aid, assist, counsel	conservative	respect for	right	right-wing, right fielder																					
右	noun	Same as みぎ (migi) above	a superior during the Chinese Warring States period	right (direction)	the above statement, foregoing	the right wing, a rightist																					
右	affix	alternative form of 佑 (yū, “aid; assist”)	respect; esteem; value	right (direction)																							
右	prefix	"of the right", junior or subordinate to 左 (sa-, “of the left”)	right (direction)	right fielder	right-wing																						
フィル	noun	short for フィルハーモニック	short for フィルハーモニー																								
フィル	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Phil																									
脳	character	brain																									
脳	noun	one's brains, one's mental functioning	the brain	the head																							
脳	affix	brain	chief, principal	head																							
狂う	verb	to go mad																									
）う																											
思い出	noun	a keepsake, memento	a memory, recollection, reminiscence																								
州	noun	first-level administrative division of some countries, such as: (1) state of the United States, Australia, India, Nigeria and Germany; (2) province of Canada; (3) canton of Switzerland; etc.	used in place names, usually associated with (historical) political divisions																								
州	suffix	continent	used in place names																								
当然	adj	natural, inevitable	natural, reasonable, proper																								
当然	adv	inevitably	naturally, of course, as expected																								
当然	noun	inevitability	naturality	propriety																							
混乱	noun	commotion	confusion	disorder, chaos	tumult, mayhem																						
混乱	verb	be confused	be in disorder	be in tumult																							
ゆっくり	adv	slowly; at ease, without rushing, restfully																									
申し訳	noun	apology, excuse																									
少女	noun	a (young, little) girl	a celestial maiden, a fairy, a nymph	a female virgin	a girl	a style of anime and manga made for young women, shojo	a young woman dancer performing at the 五節 (Gosechi) ceremony in the eleventh lunar month	a young woman, adult but unmarried: a maiden																			
男性	noun	man, boy, male person	masculine gender																								
泣く	verb	to cry; to weep; to sob	to grieve over something	to howl																							
確り																											
息	character	breath	come to an end	give birth	live	nurture	rest	spread, multiply																			
コーヒー	noun	coffee																									
																											
死体	noun	a dead body; a cadaver																									
抜く	verb	to disconnect a cable/wire	to extract (something), to take out	to masturbate	to omit, to take out	to surpass																					
抜く	suffix	to do (something) all the way to the end, to carry through																									
調子	noun	condition, state, fettle, kilter	tune, tone, key, pitch, time, rhythm																								
三	character	three																									
三	num	third	three	three, 3																							
地獄	noun	hell																									
リスト	noun	list	wrist																								
リスト	name	Liszt																									
部下	noun	subordinate (one who is subordinate)																									
ジョー	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Joe																									
襲う	verb	to attack, to assault	to follow (as successor)	to overcome one	to visit suddenly																						
近付く																											
関わる																											
コード	noun	A short symbol.	chord (combination of three or more notes)	code (instructions for a computer)	code (set of rules for converting information)	code (system of principles, rules or regulations)	cord (wires surrounded by a coating, used to supply electricity)																				
キス	noun	a kiss (touch with the lips)																									
キス	verb	to kiss (to touch with the lips)																									
回る	verb	to circulate	to come around to (a point of view)	to go around	to prevail	to return	to roll	to turn; to revolve; to spin																			
越える	verb	to exceed, to go over, to be more than, to cross	to surpass, to excel	to transcend																							
																											
小さい	adj	small, little, tiny	young, little																								
百	noun	a very many	a very many, lots, a lot	hundred	one hundred years old, advanced age																						
てく	suffix	contraction of ていく (-te iku)																									
12																											
将軍	noun	a commander of troops, especially of an expeditionary or frontline force	a shogun, supreme generalissimo of feudal Japan	synonym of 将官 (shōkan): a general officer																							
日本	name	Japan	Japan (ellipsis of 日本国 (Nihon-koku): a country and archipelago of East Asia)	Japan (ellipsis of 日本国 (Nippon-koku): a country and archipelago of East Asia)	a surname																						
氏	noun	a certain person	a family, a clan																								
氏	suffix	Mr.; Ms.																									
酒	noun	an alcoholic drink, especially sake (Japanese rice wine)	any alcoholic beverage	any alcoholic beverage, especially sake (Japanese rice wine)	combining form of 酒 (sake, “any alcoholic beverage; rice wine, rice vodka, sake”)	drinking, especially of alcoholic beverages	synonym of 日本酒 (nihonshu): sake (Japanese rice wine)																				
酒	affix	alcoholic drink																									
チェック	noun	check	check/cheque																								
チェック	verb	to check																									
速人																											
運命	noun	fate; destiny																									
遺体	noun	corpse, remains																									
開始	noun	start; beginning; initiation																									
開始	verb	to start; to begin; to initiate																									
悪	character	evil; bad; disagreeable; unpleasant	hate; loathe																								
悪	noun	evil, wickedness																									
悪	affix	bad; disagreeable; unpleasant; undesirable;	evil, vice, ill, wrong	fierce; vicious	hate; loathe	inferior; ugly																					
毎日	adv	every day; daily																									
毎日	noun	everyday life; daily life																									
																											
マーク	noun	a trademark, service mark	mark, symbol, insignia	short for マークアップ (mākuappu, “markup”)																							
マーク	name	Mach kernel	Mark (given name)																								
マーク	verb	to mark, to put a mark (on something)	to set a record (to achieve or note the most extreme example of some variable, such as the highest score in a sport)																								
える	verb	彫る, 雕る, 鐫る: to carve, to engrave; to inlay; to drill, to make a hole	得る, 獲る: to get, to acquire, to gain, to obtain, to win, to catch	縒る, 撚る: to spin (as of thread or yarn)	選る, 撰る, 択る: to choose, to select																						
30																											
少年	noun	a boy, a young man																									
野郎	noun	a son of a bitch, a bastard, a jerk, a motherfucker, a rascal, a scoundrel (used almost exclusively to refer to males)																									
野郎	pron	that son of a bitch, that bastard, that jerk, that motherfucker, that rascal, that scoundrel																									
階	character	storey; story; floor																									
階	affix	class; rank; level	step; stair; storey																								
階	counter	floors, storeys (of a building)																									
メッセージ	noun	message	speech	statement																							
式	noun	a formula or expression	ceremony, ritual, function	short for 結婚式 (kekkon-shiki, “wedding ceremony”)	type, style																						
式	suffix	ceremony	formula, expression	style																							
ゾンビー																											
遊ぶ	verb	for an item not to be in use, be spare or idle	play, amuse oneself, enjoy oneself	spend one's time idle, do nothing																							
負ける	verb	to lose; to be defeated	to lower in price																								
負ける	suffix	to lose when doing something																									
触る	verb	to touch, to feel																									
サラ	name	Sarah																									
解放	noun	liberation, absolution																									
解放	verb	to release, to unleash, to set free, to absolve																									
何者	pron	someone; anyone																									
俺達	pron	we; us																									
赤ちゃん	noun	a baby, an infant (human or animal)																									
思い	noun	feeling, emotion, sentiment	thought																								
思い	verb	stem or continuative form of 思う (omou)																									
思い	suffix	considerate of; caring about																									
イヤー	noun	ear	year																								
テスト	noun	quiz	test																								
テスト	verb	to test																									
受け入れる	verb	accept																									
首	character	beginning, first	counter for songs and poems	leader, chief, head	neck																						
首	noun	dismissal from employment	neck (part of the body connecting head and torso)	one who rules or commands a group of people: a chief	the first one; a lord	the neck and head as a whole																					
首	counter	poems and songs																									
取り戻す	verb	get back, regain, recover, retrieve	restore, get back to a former condition																								
7																											
饂飩																											
幸運	adj	lucky, fortunate																									
幸運	noun	luck; good luck; good fortune																									
ニュース	noun	news (reports of current events)																									
平和	adj	calm	peaceful																								
平和	noun	calm, calmness	no points hand: a 役 (yaku, “winning hand”) that does not have any of the following: triplets, quads, the player's seat wind, the prevailing wind, or dragons; and the winning tile completes a two-sided wait sequence; worth 1 翻 (han, “double”)	peace, a peaceful situation																							
平和	name	a female given name	a place name																								
位置	noun	location, position																									
位置	verb	to be located; to be positioned; to be situated																									
世話	noun	care, looking after, help, favor																									
部隊	noun	a corp	a military unit																								
局	character	board	bureau	office																							
局	noun	a lady-in-waiting or gentlewoman who lives in such a room	a lady-in-waiting to a shōgun or daimyō	a private room in a palace or noble residence created by subdividing a larger room or gallery with curtains and screens	a temporary room created by subdividing a larger room with curtains and screens	an honorific appended to the names of high ranking women	bureau, department	channel such as on television	short for 局女郎 (tsubone-jorō, “a low grade prostitute who works out of a small tenement room and charges by the hour”)	the tenement room used by a 局女郎 (tsubone-jorō)																	
局	counter	counter for board games (e.g. chess, shogi or go)	counter for buildings or operators suffixed "局" (e.g. 郵(ゆう)便(びん)局(きょく) (yūbin-kyoku, “post office”), テレビ局(きょく) (terebi-kyoku, “television station”))																								
局	suffix	bureau																									
瞬間	noun	instant (period of time), the moment that something happens																									
馬	character	horse																									
馬	noun	a horse	a promoted bishop	a sawhorse: a four-leg stand made of wood or iron for supporting other materials																							
馬	affix	horse																									
北	character	escape, run away	north																								
北	noun	a developed country	a northerly, north wind	a 役 (yaku, “winning hand”) with a triplet or quad of north wind tiles; depending on wind round and player's seat wind, it is worth either 1 or 2 翻 (han, “doubles”)	north (cardinal point)	north wind (mahjong tile)	short for 北の方 (kita no kata): northward	the North (northern part of a region)																			
北	name	Kita (one of 23 special wards in Tokyo prefecture, Japan)	a female given name	a surname	the red-light district north of Edo Castle																						
北	verb	to go northwards																									
出発	noun	departure																									
出発	verb	depart																									
再	character	again	second time	twice																							
再	prefix	re-, again, repeated																									
事実	noun	a matter of fact, actually, the fact (of the matter)	fact; truth; reality																								
疲れる	verb	to be tired																									
疲れる	suffix	to exhaustion																									
																											
支配	noun	direction, management, governance	dominance	rule, control, command																							
支配	verb	to direct, to manage, to govern	to dominate	to rule, to control, to command																							
私達	pron	we, us	we; us																								
怪我	noun	an injury, a wound																									
怪我	verb	to get hurt, to injure oneself																									
基地	noun	base (e.g. military, research)	clipping of 基地外 (kichigai, “madness; insanity; enthusiasm”)																								
忙しい	adj	busy	busy, hurried	restless, fidgety																							
致す	verb	to deliver; to send	to do: the humble version of 為る (suru)	to have an effect; to lead to a consequence, especially a bad one	to have sex	to masturbate																					
一部	noun	copy of a newspaper or book	part, portion																								
一部	name	the Kangxi radical #1, 一.																									
痛い	adj	painful	wonderful, pleasant	イタい: (slang) cringy; embarrassing																							
喜ぶ	verb	accept an offer or request gladly, welcome	be pleased																								
フォース	noun	force	fourth																								
遅れる	verb	to be late, to be tardy	to become late, to fall behind																								
窓	noun	a deep gap in a mountain ridge (so called for the way the wind blows through, like a window)	window	マド: (investing) on a candlestick chart, a gap in day-to-day candlesticking caused by a marked increase or decrease in the price of a security, derivative, currency, or other investment																							
窓	name	Windows (an operating system)																									
周り																											
彼方	pron	a time removed from the present, either in the past or in the future	he, she, it: general third-person pronoun, referring to a person or thing far from both speaker and listener	that way; over there, far away, in the distance	the other, the other side																						
																											
千	num	a thousand, 1000																									
千	affix	thousand	very large number																								
千	name	a surname, especially from the line of tea ceremony masters																									
映像	noun	image; video (visual media, either still or moving)	reflection	silhouette																							
光	noun	a displaying, putting on airs	a gleam, glow, ray	a glimmer, gleam	a glimmer, shine, sparkle	a light, beam, illumination	a luster/lustre, polish, sheen	a metaphorical light:	a physically perceived light:	a vision, eyesight	any of the five highest ranked playing cards in a hanafuda deck	glory, influence, power	positive aspect	relating to light or vision: optical, photo-	short for 光り物 (hikarimono): sashimi with some of the silver-colored skin left												
光	name	Hikari (a city in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan)	a male or female given name	a surname	a unisex given name	one of the bullet train services running on the 東海道 (Tōkaido) or 山陽 (San'yō) shinkansen																					
光	affix	enlightening	exhaust, run out	gleaming, shining	glory, honor/honour, pride	light, gleam, shine	scenery																				
マックス	noun	short for マキシマム (makishimamu)																									
誕生	noun	birth; creation; formation																									
誕生	verb	be born, come into the world																									
誕生	name	a female given name																									
殴る	verb	to punch, to beat, to hit																									
木	noun	Combining form of 木 (き, ki): tree; wood	a clapper used to signal the opening or closing of a match or play	a tree	a tree (data structure)	a tree or shrub	a tree; more specifically, a living tree	in ancient China, a wooden musical instrument	short for 木曜日 (mokuyōbi): Thursday	something made of wood	the bent and gnarled trunk or roots of an old tree	wood grain	wood, lumber	wood, timber, lumber													
木	adj	wooden, as of a person's character or behavior	wooden, as of a person's mental abilities: blockheaded, stupid, dimwitted																								
外す	verb	avoid (doing something)	evade, dodge, or attempt to do so	leave; slip away	remove; take off	remove; take out of	turn aside (the motion of something or intent of someone)	unfasten; unbutton (if referring to buttons); undo (a fastening)																			
相棒	noun	partner, sidekick (someone who is associated with another in a common activity or interest)																									
さっき	adv	a little time ago	just now	some time ago	synonym of 先ほど (sakihodo)																						
正確	adj	accurate; exact; correct; precise																									
正確	noun	accuracy; exactness; correctness; precision																									
ホテル	noun	a hotel (establishment providing accommodation)																									
超	prefix	extra-; hyper-; mega-; meta-; para-; super-; trans-; ultra-	super; very																								
9																											
焼く	verb	[from 1662] to make someone happy	[from 1687] 妬く: to envy, to be jealous	[from 1884] to rub chemicals	[from 1908] (photography) to print a photograph by shining a light through a negative	[from 1960] to have a sensation, to burn (the heart)	[from 1966] to expose to sunlight and cause to change color: to tan one's skin	[from 712] to set on fire, to light on fire	[from 720] to burn to ashes	[from 720] to use heat or flame to prepare something for eating or using:	[from 759] to worry	[from 850] to apply moxibustion	to bake	to broil	to burn	to burn (to write data to a permanent storage medium)	to care	to change on its own by means of fire, light, chemicals, or other means: to burn, to tan, to be cooked	to change something by means of fire, light, chemicals, or other means:	to convey feelings from the heart:	to fire	to fry	to grill	to roast	to toast		
り	syllable	The hiragana syllable り (ri). Its equivalent in katakana is リ (ri). It is the fortieth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is ら行い段 (ra-gyō i-dan, “row ra, section i”).																									
り	suffix	Used to form the stative of verbs: did; have done	adverb-forming suffix following some onomatopoeias or ideophones																								
り	noun	short for 了解 (ryōkai, “understand”)																									
ネット	noun	a net	a net profit	clipping of インターネット (intānetto, “internet”); the net	clipping of ネットワーク (nettowāku, “network”)	the state of being net																					
ネット	verb	to connect to the Internet	to connect within a network																								
続く	verb	to chronicle	to connect	to continue	to happen consecutively, continue in a row	to lead to	to occur immediately or instantly	to succeed, follow after																			
続く	suffix	to continue to do something	to do something consecutively																								
8																											
傷付ける																											
号	noun	art name	number																								
号	suffix	ordinal marker, often with prefix 第 (used like -st, -nd, -rd, -th in English)																									
似る	verb	to be similar to	to resemble, look like																								
指示	noun	instructions, indication																									
指示	verb	prescribe, dictate																									
撃つ	verb	to fire a weapon																									
事態	noun	situation (especially negative); state of affairs; circumstances																									
放つ	verb	to emit, to give off	to fire, to shoot	to hit	to set a fire	to set free, to release																					
空	noun	a place that is distant	empty air	meaninglessness	sunyata: emptiness, vacuity, awareness, openness, thusness	the act of reading from memory; by heart	the sky	the top of a high place such as the roof of a house or a tree	the weather or atmospheric conditions of the sky	void: one of the 五大 (godai, literally “great five”) and the highest of the five elements																	
空	prefix	fake; not real	false	incorrectly perceived or guessed	ineffectual	something empty																					
森	character	forest, woods	objects lined up	silent																							
森	noun	a forest (dense collection of trees)	a shrine grove																								
森	name	Mori (a town in Hokkaido Prefecture, Japan)	Mori (a town in Shizuoka Prefecture, Japan)	a surname	森町:																						
ジム	noun	fitness center	gymnasium	gymnastics																							
目標	noun	goal, objective, target																									
偉大	adj	great																									
ガス	noun	a dense thick fog	gas	natural gas																							
楽しみ	noun	joy	that which one happily anticipates																								
楽しみ	verb	stem or continuative form of 楽しむ (tanoshimu)																									
知らせ	noun	notice, notification, news																									
完了	noun	completion	perfect (tense etc.)																								
完了	verb	complete, conclude																									
歴史	noun	history	the study of history																								
集める	verb	to assemble	to collect	to gather																							
スターク																											
優しい	adj	kind, gentle, tender																									
利く	verb	alternative form of 効く																									
人類	noun	mankind, the human race, humanity																									
恐怖	noun	fear; horror; dread																									
恐怖	verb	to dread; to fear																									
歌	noun	a song	poetry																								
歌	affix	Japanese poetry; waka	a song; to sing																								
黙れ																											
信号	noun	a signal	traffic lights																								
ロンドン	name	London (a city in southwestern Ontario, Canada)	London (the capital city of the United Kingdom; the capital city of England)																								
可笑しい	adj	beautiful and attractive	excellent, superb	funny, laughable	funny:	interesting	interesting:	strange, odd	tasteful	unreasonable, illogical																	
毎	character	every																									
毎	prefix	each, every, per																									
人物	noun	person, figure, personage	someone's character																								
緊急	adj	emergency	urgent, pressing																								
緊急	noun	emergency	urgency																								
其々																											
－																											
機会	noun	opportunity, chance																									
痛み	noun	Nominalization of 痛む	grief, distress	physical pain, ache, sore	傷み: damage to an object	傷み: decay of food or fruits; rotting																					
痛み	verb	continuative of 痛む																									
箱	character	box																									
箱	noun	Xbox	a box: a container with a lid	a chamber pot for feces; (by extension) feces	a shamisen case; (by extension) a shamisen; (by extension) a man or other geisha who accompanies a geisha and carries their shamisen case	small ライブハウス (raibu hausu, “music venue”)																					
形	character	shape, form, style																									
形	noun	(following the plain imperfective form (attributive form, 連体形 (rentaikei)) of a verb) indicates the moment of the action occurring: compare English as soon as	(following the plain imperfective form (attributive form, 連体形 (rentaikei)) of an adjective) indicates responding to the affixed adjective: compare English fitting	(following the plain imperfective form (attributive form, 連体形 (rentaikei)) or plain perfective form of a verb) indicates the state of the affixed verb or phrase: compare English just as	... while ...	a form	a pattern, die, or model from which copies are made	a shape	collateral for borrowed money	form, as opposed to substance	on a coin, the side with writing on it	one's body shape or form	one's circumstances or situation	one's clothing and appearance	one's reputation	shape or form	shapeliness: see 形有り (katachiari)	short for 女形 (onnagata), a female role played by a male actor in kabuki theater	the shape or form of something								
形	suffix	a conjugation form of a verb	a typical example of the affixed noun; the type of the affixed noun	following a noun, indicates a state fitting or becoming to the affixed noun	following a noun, indicates that shape or form: compare English like	following the 連用形 (ren'yōkei, “continuative or stem form”) of a verb, indicates the state of the affixed verb or phrase: compare English just as	grammatical tense	the shape or form of the affixed noun																			
辛い	adj	bitter, not sweet	harsh	painful	salty	spicy hot																					
辛い	suffix	difficult to, hard to																									
切れる	verb	be cut off, break, snap, burst, collapse	be cut, be injured, become fissured	break off, be interrupted	cut or sever connection with	of a stock, run out, be exhausted, be used up	run out, expire, terminate																				
切れる	suffix	be able to do, be able to finish																									
新	character	change, reform	new																								
新	noun	a novelty	short for 新暦 (shinreki): the Gregorian calendar	short for 新株 (shinkabu)	short for 新造 (shinzō)	short for 新銀 (shingin)	something new and unused																				
新	prefix	attached to the title of a fiction adaptation to mean “remake”, to distinguish it from older adaptations	attached to the title of a fiction work to mean “new storyline”, to distinguish it from older works	fresh	natural	neo-	new	new, novel	original	unused																	
新	name	a female given name	a male or female given name	a placename	a surname	the Xin dynasty (8–23 CE)																					
魂	character	soul, spirit	vigour, willpower																								
魂	noun	a katana (single-edged Japanese sword)	a soul, spirit	attitude, readiness	character, genius, talent, wisdom	discretion, judgement, prudence	hun: yang energy or spirit	mind, spirit, vigour, willpower	mind, spirit, will	spirit (manner or style of something, enthusiasm)																	
魂	name	a female given name																									
プログラム	noun	a day's schedule	a program (leaflet listing information about a play, game or other activity)	a program (performance of a show or other broadcast on radio or television)	a program (software application)																						
プログラム	verb	to program (to write code, to enter a program or other instructions into a computer)																									
示す	verb	to display, to show, to demonstrate	to indicate (for a measuring device such as a clock to show a value)	to indicate, point out, to denote	to show, to have somebody see																						
休む																											
繋がる	verb	to be related by blood	to be related to, to be involved with	to connect, to be connected, to join, to be joined																							
現在	noun	the present, now																									
現在	adv	now, at present																									
心臓	noun	a heart																									
ソン	noun	short for ソング (songu, “song”)																									
ヒーロー	noun	a hero (main protagonist)	a hero (person of great bravery)																								
軍隊	noun	armed forces such as the army, the navy, or the air force																									
影響	noun	influence, effect																									
影響	verb	to influence, to have an effect upon																									
感情	noun	an emotion, a feeling, feelings, a sentiment																									
困る	verb	to be bothered (by something), to be vexed, to be troubled, to be in trouble	to have trouble (with something)																								
牡蠣	noun	an oyster	oyster (edible)	roasted and powdered oyster shell, used in antacids, sedatives, and as a bird feed additive																							
行為	noun	action, act	conduct																								
色	noun	a prostitute	a red-light district	an extramarital lover	apparent thoughtfulness, warmheartedness	color	coloring, design	extramarital relations, an affair	in Noh, a section that is chanted at a medium pace; alternately, a decorative poetic section	in 浄瑠璃 (jōruri, “puppet show narrative”), a lively section that is neither strictly dialog nor narration, but has many elements of dialog	lipstick or rouge	lively elegance, enjoyable or interesting charm	material form, specifically the organized body as one of the five constituent elements or skandhas	one's facial coloring or expression	paint	something related to romantic or sexual love, particularly between genders	soy sauce	that which is visible of a thing, specifically form and color	the emotions or circumstances of attraction between genders	the feeling or mood of a thing	the metaphorical color or mood	the shape of one's face or appearance; more specifically, beautiful looks or a beautiful figure	the tenor or timber of a voice or sound	the type or kind of something	various specific kinds of color:	when playing the koto, pushing on a string with the fingers of the left hand to change the pitch of a note, or for vibrato	
色	adj	elegant, tasteful, refined	knowledgeable about lovemaking, sensual; lascivious, lecherous	of exceptional beauty of form or appearance																							
色	affix	color (US), colour (everywhere else)	of that tone or timber or mood	relating to a love affair or the red light district	relating to type or kind																						
色	counter	used to count the number of colors																									
７																											
半分	noun	a half	half																								
半分	suffix	half-																									
暫く	adv	temporarily, awhile (For some time; for a short time)																									
：																											
施設	noun	institution, equipment, facilities																									
施設	verb	to make, set up, build a facility																									
参加	noun	participation, commitment																									
参加	verb	to participate, to join, to enter																									
怪物	noun	a monster	a mysterious figure																								
》																											
伏せる	verb	to cast one's eyes down	to conceal	to lie low	to turn upside down																						
居	character	to sit																									
居	noun	being (in a place), sitting (in a place); a seat	residence																								
居	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of いる (iru)																									
行方	noun	one's descendant or offspring	one's outlook, outcome, or future	one's whereabouts, direction or destination	synonym of ぜに (zeni): a round coin with a square hole in the center																						
行方	name	Namegata (a city in Ibaraki Prefecture, Japan)	a male or female given name	a placename	a surname																						
スーツ	noun	a suit (set of clothes)	alternative form of スート (sūto, “suit”) (set of cards distinguished by color and emblems)																								
食事	noun	diet	meal																								
食事	verb	have a meal, eat																									
馬場	noun	riding ground																									
馬場	name	a surname																									
鳥	noun	a bird	a chicken	fowl or chicken meat																							
鳥	name	a surname	a unisex given name																								
鳥	prefix	a bird	a chicken																								
はっきり	adv	clearly, distinctly, straight	visibly																								
はっきり	verb	be clear and distinct																									
暮らす	verb	Continuative form of verb + 暮らす: to spend a whole day doing	to live, to lead a life, to get on	to spend (a long time, longer than one day)	to spend (the daytime of one day)																						
振る	verb	to apply furigana or ruby	to distribute; to divide among; to assign (to many people or places)	to point something in a new direction; to swing something around to (a direction)	to reject someone; to jilt someone; to dump someone	to replace; to change out	to shake; (of a hand or flag) to wave; (of a tail) to wag; (of a baseball bat) to swing; to move something back and forth in a circular motion	to sprinkle (something) on; to shake (something such as salt) on	to throw away; to discard																		
振る	suffix	assuming the air of, acting like it (when one is not)																									
勝利	noun	success	triumph	victory																							
勝利	name	a male given name																									
勝利	verb	to win; to achieve victory																									
８																											
特に	adv	particularly, especially	specially																								
会話	noun	conversation																									
会話	verb	to talk with, to have a conversation																									
メガ	prefix	mega-																									
〜	punct	Indicates the starting point of a range; from.	Indicates the subtitle of a book, manga, video game, etc.																								
〜	syllable	alternative form of ー (“long vowel mark”)																									
要求	noun	demand; firm request; requirement																									
要求	verb	to demand																									
迎える	verb	to anticipate (an event)	to receive																								
穴	character	hole, opening																									
穴	noun	cave, cavern	flaw, defect	hole	lair, den, burrow	loss, deficit	opening, aperture	pit																			
ロシア	name	Russia (a transcontinental country in Eastern Europe and North Asia)																									
成す																											
音楽	noun	music																									
スター	noun	Multiple tracks emitted radially from the one point on the nuclear plate which caused by the collision of the high-energy elementary particles with the nucleus to emit the hadrons in all directions.	a star (famous person in the media like an actor or athlete)	a star (luminous celestial body)	an asterisk	asterism																					
明らか	adj	apparent, visible	clear, obvious, distinct																								
星	noun	a celestial body	a kagura song sung at the end of a 御神楽 (mikagura)	a round mark indicating a victory or defeat in a bout	a star (actor in a leading role)	a star (concave polygon with regular, pointy protrusions and indentations, especially used as a symbol to rate quality)	a star (luminous celestial body)	a 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”) with various representations of stars	an objective	planet	the Star	the perp, the culprit	time, years														
星	name	a surname	one of the Twenty-Eight Mansions in the Chinese system of constellations	short for シンガポール (Shingapōru): Singapore																							
星	suffix	attached to names of planets																									
星	affix	passing of time	star, celebrity	star, celestial body																							
15																											
急	adj	immediate, rapid	sudden																								
自殺	noun	suicide																									
自殺	verb	to commit suicide																									
晩	character	evening, night	late																								
晩	noun	evening	night																								
晩	counter	nights, evenings																									
繰り返す	verb	to repeat, to do again																									
あんな	adj	like that, such (referring to something or someone in the distance away from the speaker and the listener); that (distant) kind of																									
ホント																											
漸と																											
おっ																											
オーケー	noun	OK: agreement; consent																									
オーケー	adj	OK: OK; all right; fine																									
オーケー	intj	OK: OK																									
誘拐	noun	kidnapping; abduction																									
誘拐	verb	to kidnap; to abduct																									
テロ	noun	clipping of テロリズム (terorizumu, “terrorism”)																									
リー																											
ルーシー																											
集中	noun	concentration																									
集中	verb	concentrate																									
歌う																											
原因	noun	cause (source or reason of an event or action)																									
疑う	verb	to be doubtful	to call (a matter) into question	to distrust, to mistrust	to doubt	to have doubts; to suspect																					
種	character	class, kind, variety	plant, sow	seed	species																						
種	noun	a gamete (reproductive cell such as a spermatozoan or egg)	a kind, type, sort, class, or category	a lineage, bloodline	a pit or stone in a fruit	a seed	a species	a type, class	an interest, appeal	an origin, cause	capital, funds, seed money	the materials or ingredients from which something is made	草: an origin, cause														
種	name	a female given name	a surname																								
種	counter	counter for number of kinds or types																									
尋ねる	verb	ask (a question)	search, look for, investigate																								
賢い																											
夕食	noun	supper, dinner (evening meal)																									
活動	noun	activity, work, operation	clipping of 活動写真 (katsudōshashin): a movie																								
活動	verb	to act, to operate, to work																									
担当	noun	charge of, end, responsibility for an area of work	host / hostess who attends to a patron	one who is in charge																							
担当	verb	be in charge, handle an area of responsibility																									
宜しく	adv	well, acceptably																									
宜しく	intj	best regards	pleased to meet you	thanks for your continued support	thanks in advance																						
兵器	noun	a weapon; arms																									
《																											
リーダー	noun	a leader (a piece of material at the beginning or end of a reel or roll to allow the material to be threaded or fed onto something, as a reel of film onto a projector or a roll of paper onto a rotary printing press)	a leader (a row of dots, periods, or hyphens, used in tables of contents, etc., to lead the eye across a space to the right word or number)	a leader (one having authority)	a leader (principal article in a newspaper)	a reader																					
殺害	noun	killing, murder																									
殺害	verb	to commit murder																									
ミスター																											
兼ねる	verb	serve as one thing and another at once	to take something else into concern; to further consider (something)																								
兼ねる	suffix	find it difficult to do, be unable to do																									
付き	noun	ability to stick, impression, quality of printing	attendant, assistant	good luck																							
付き	suffix	appearance, state, condition	attached to	with, including																							
付き	verb	stem or continuative form of 付く (tsuku)																									
何ぼ																											
有	character	happen; occur	have; possess; own	keep; maintain	to exist; to bring into existence																						
有	affix	and; with a remainder of	exist	have; possess; own																							
有	noun	bhava (becoming, existence)	existence	possession	short for 有限会社 (yūgengaisha, “limited company”)	synonym of 有 (u)																					
有	name	a female given name																									
ハロルド																											
判断	noun	A judgement, a determination, a discernment.																									
判断	verb	To judge, to decide, to determine.	To tell which, to tell what.																								
管理	noun	management, control; stewardship; administration																									
管理	verb	to control, to manage, to administer																									
脱出	noun	an escape from a dangerous or unpleasant place	prolapse																								
脱出	verb	to get away, to escape	to prolapse																								
悠	character	permanence																									
悠	name	a female given name	a male given name																								
犯	character	crime, offense	criminal, culprit, offender																								
犯	suffix	perpetrators of a crime	some types of crime																								
結局	adv	eventually, after all																									
アクセス	noun	access																									
アクセス	verb	access																									
逆	character	opposition, rebellion	reverse, opposite, upside-down																								
逆	adj	converse	reverse; contrary; opposite																								
逆	noun	converse	reverse; contrary; opposite																								
逆	affix	reverse; contrary; opposite																									
カード	noun	card	curd	playing card																							
トン	noun	dit of Morse code.	ton, t																								
契約	noun	contract, agreement																									
契約	verb	to enter into a contract																									
オフィス	noun	office (building or room)																									
昨夜	noun	last night	last night, yestereve, yesternight																								
以来	noun	since																									
係	noun	person in charge, person responsible																									
係	suffix	person in charge, person responsible																									
ぱり																											
別れ	noun	a breakup	parting; farewell; goodbye																								
別れ	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 別れる (wakareru)																									
大好き	adj	loved; lovable; very liked; very likable	very (most) favorite																								
てし																											
差す	verb	appear; arise	hold (something such as an umbrella) over one's head	offer (sake to someone)	pour; drip; drop; cause to flow or drip	raise one's hands; extend one's hands	rise																				
助かる	verb	to escape from danger or trouble																									
チャーリー	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Charlie																									
避難	noun	evacuation																									
避難	verb	evacuate																									
仕方	noun	a way to do something, method, means	behavior towards others, treatment																								
意見	noun	advice, a suggestion	opinion																								
意見	verb	to admonish	to advise, to suggest																								
紹介	noun	introduction																									
紹介	verb	introduce																									
途中	noun	halfway; in the middle of	incompletion; unfinishedness	on the way; along the way; en route																							
恐ろしい	adj	awesome	frightening; horrific; terrible; horrible; dreadful; fierce; formidable	tremendous																							
100																											
ブラック	noun	a black (person), black people (member of any of various ethnic groups typically having dark skin)	black (color)	ellipsis of ブラックコーヒー (burakku kōhī, “black coffee”)	ellipsis of ブラックリスト (burakkurisuto, literally “blacklist”)	ellipsis of ブラック企業 (burakku kigyō, “exploitative company”, literally “black company”)																					
ブラック	adj	brutal, in the style of a ブラック企業 (burakku kigyō, literally “black company”)																									
或ー																											
］																											
台	character	Taiwan	a stand	counter for machines and vehicles	pedestal	typhoon																					
台	counter	machines, especially vehicles or computers																									
台	suffix	level, especially of price	period of time in a person's life	tables, beds																							
台	noun	a four-cornered earthen terrace from which one might view their surroundings	lofty palace																								
南	noun	a southerly, south wind	a 役 (yaku, “winning hand”) with a triplet or quad of south wind tiles; depending on wind round and player's seat wind, it is worth either 1 or 2 翻 (han, “doubles”)	short for 南鐐 (nanryō): beautiful silver; a type of silver coin in the Edo period	south (cardinal point)	south wind (mahjong tile)	the south	the south (cardinal point)																			
南	name	a female given name	a male given name	a surname	the name of a ward in various cities throughout Japan, especially a former ward in the city of Osaka which is now part of Chūō Ward	the red-light district in modern-day Shinagawa Ward, Tokyo	the red-light district in modern-day Shinagawa Ward, Tokyo (as it was located south of Edo Castle)																				
南	verb	to go south																									
南	affix	Used in Sanskrit transliterations	south, southern																								
制御	noun	control																									
制御	verb	to control																									
再び	adv	again, once more	for the second time																								
再び	noun	a second time	rebirth, reincarnation, return																								
旅	character	travel	trip																								
旅	noun	a journey; travel	a place where a 神輿 (mikoshi, “portable shrine”) spends a temporary time outside of the 本宮 (hongū, “main shrine building”) during a 祭り (matsuri, “festival”)	a temporary time spent in a place	in Zhou dynasty China, a military unit of 500 soldiers	the fifty-sixth of the sixty-four hexagrams of the I Ching ䷷																					
旅	verb	to travel, to go on a journey or trip																									
旅	prefix	a trip, a journey, travel																									
避ける	verb	to avoid																									
通す	verb	to let through, to let pass	to make something happen by force	to pass through, to cause to move through	to persist in until the end																						
主人	noun	(one's own) husband (use ご主人 to refer to somebody else's husband)	host or hostess	owner	someone's master																						
向ける	verb	turn (something towards a direction); point (something at/to); aim (with something); channel (direct a flow); make something have a certain direction																									
反応	noun	chemical reaction	feedback	reaction, response																							
反応	verb	be responsive, be sensitive	to react chemically	to respond, to react																							
'																											
部分	noun	part, section, segment, portion																									
公	noun	a European sovereign prince	a duke; in China and Vietnam, an alternative to 王 (ō, “prince”), used by certain dynasties for princes	used as suffix to denote familiarity with or disdain for someone or an animal																							
光る	verb	to shine, gleam, glitter	to shine, stand out, be excellent																								
器	affix	container; vessel	device; instrument																								
器	suffix	device; instrument																									
器	noun	a tool, a utensil	container, vessel	female genitalia: a vagina	one's degree of ability: talent, calibre																						
．																											
出会う	verb	to meet by chance, run into																									
停止	noun	arrest	banning; ban	suspension, stoppage, abeyance																							
停止	verb	stop, come to a stop	suspend	to ban																							
ウイルス	noun	a virus																									
曲	character	bent, curve	crooked	song, melody, composition	to turn, to twist																						
曲	noun	a piece of music																									
通信	noun	communication	correspondence	news																							
通信	verb	to communicate (generally using an electronic device)																									
権利	noun	right; claim; title; privilege																									
全体	noun	the whole, entire																									
全体	adv	originally, from the beginning																									
放す	verb	release, let go, free, set free, let loose	to keep doing, continue	to stop doing and leave alone; to let go																							
師	character	religious leader or spiritual master (e.g. Buddhist monk)	teacher, master, one's mentor																								
師	noun	a teacher, mentor, or religious master (esp. in Buddhist contexts)	the seventh of the sixty-four hexagrams of the I Ching ䷆																								
師	name	a surname																									
感	character	feeling, sensation, emotion																									
感	noun	clipping of 感動詞 (kandōshi, “interjection”)	feeling; sense																								
叫ぶ	verb	to scream, to shout, to cry																									
バス	noun	bass (fish)	bass (the lower spectrum of sound of a singing voice or musical instrument)	bath	bus	clipping of コントラバス: a contrabass, a double bass, a bass																					
患者	noun	sufferer, patient																									
旅行	noun	travel, a trip, a journey, a voyage, a tour																									
旅行	verb	to travel, to journey, to go on a trip, to go for a voyage, to tour																									
嬢	character	daughter	lass, unmarried woman																								
嬢	noun	a daughter (female offspring)	a young lady; a mistress; a mademoiselle; a missy																								
親父	noun	an old man (elderly man)	an old man (father)	one's own father																							
大切	adj	important, weighty	valuable																								
大切	noun	importance, weight	value																								
９																											
ヘンリー	noun	henry																									
ヘンリー	name	Henry (a small city in Marshall County, Illinois; named for Illinois militia officer James D. Henry)	a transliteration of the English male given name Henry																								
核	noun	atomic nucleus	cell nucleus	core, nucleus	kernel																						
銀行	noun	a bank (financial institution)																									
保安	noun	preservation of peace; security from accident and incident																									
保安	name	the Hōan era, 1120–1124																									
王国	noun	kingdom (realm or conceptual space where something is dominant)	kingdom (realm ruled by a king and/or queen)																								
コンピューター	noun	computer																									
席	character	location	mat	seat																							
席	noun	meeting place; venue	position; status	seat																							
剣	character	double-edged sword	swordsmanship																								
剣	noun	a bayonet	a stinger	a sword	a sword, especially one with a double-edged blade	a 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”), with varying designs of double-edged blades	an ovipositor	swordsmanship																			
剣	name	a female given name	a male given name	a surname																							
雄	noun	a male (plant or animal)	husband	male	man, male	something large, powerful, or otherwise masculine	something or someone excellent (male)	yang (as opposed to yin)																			
突き	noun	a stab, especially one at the opponent's throat	poking; stabbing																								
突き	verb	stem or continuative form of 突く (tsuku)																									
合い																											
ボート	noun	boat; rowboat																									
奴隷	noun	a slave (person owned by another, forced to work for another or to perform sexual acts)																									
中国	name	China	a surname	any of several kingdoms, empires, or states of the Chinese people	short for 中国地方 (Chūgoku chihō): the Chūgoku region of Japan	short for 中華人民共和国 (Chūka Jinmin Kyōwakoku), the People's Republic of China																					
中国	noun	collective term for the 山陽道 (San'yōdō) and 山陰道 (San'indō) regions of Japan	something within a country	the central part of a country, historically, commonly known as the capital city or the main region, where an emperor or other ruler resides	under the 律令 (Ritsuryō) system, a province of the second rank according to the distance from the capital city	under the 律令 (Ritsuryō) system, a province of the third rank according to a four-rank system based on population and area																					
ﾄ																											
バー	noun	a bar (a court, or a place where alcoholic beverages are sold)																									
捕まる	verb	be caught																									
面倒	adj	inconvenient, troublesome																									
面倒	noun	burden; troublesome task	inconvenience	the looking after of																							
今朝	adv	this morning																									
今朝	noun	this morning																									
キー	noun	chi	key (a pitch in music)	key (on the keyboard of a computer)	key (on the keyboard of a piano etc.)	key (to open a lock)	the clue to a problem																				
カーラ																											
犯す	verb	to commit something	to violate, to rape, to fuck roughly																								
検査	noun	inspection, examination, check (usually done by a 3rd party)																									
検査	verb	to inspect, to examine, to check																									
提供	noun	offer	sponsorship (e.g. of a TV program)																								
提供	verb	to offer	to sponsor																								
アップ	noun	clipping of アップロード (“upload”)	clipping of ウォーミングアップ (“warm-up”, literally “warming up”)	clipping of クランクアップ (“finishing shooting of a movie”, literally “crank up”)	clipping of クローズアップ (“close-up”)	improvement; boost	increase; ascent	updo																			
アップ	verb	clipping of アップロードする (“to upload”)	to increase																								
雇う	verb	hire																									
ナン	noun	naan (bread)																									
誘う	verb	to induce (tears, laughter, sleepiness, etc.); to arouse (e.g. sympathy); to provoke	to invite	to tempt; to coerce	to tempt; to lure; to entice; to seduce																						
手紙	noun	a letter, epistle (written message or note)	a utility paper used for various purposes, such as for jotting down notes or for wrapping items																								
王子	noun	a subordinate Kumano shrine	prince (son of a monarch)																								
里子	name	a female given name																									
慎	character	be careful	discreet	humility	prudent																						
慎	name	a male given name																									
付け																											
壊れる	verb	to break, to be broken, to be destroyed, to be wrecked	to fall through; to be broken off	to go mad; to lose it																							
誇り	noun	pride																									
誇り	verb	stem or continuative form of 誇る (hokoru)																									
パス	noun	a pair of calipers	a pass (ceding one's turn)	a pass (transferring the ball to another player)	a pass, a ticket, a document granting entry or permission	a pass, an intentional walk	passage, passing, a passing grade (of an examination, etc.)	passing	path (the location of a file or directory in a filesystem)	short for パスワード																	
パス	verb	to decline	to pass	to pass (an exam etc.)	to pass (to cede one's turn)	to pass (to go through, such as a turnstile or hallway)	to pass (to transfer the ball to another player)	to pass, to intentionally walk (a batter)																			
触れる																											
応答	noun	response																									
応答	verb	respond																									
死亡	noun	death																									
死亡	verb	to die																									
入り																											
勇敢	adj	brave, courageous																									
勇敢	noun	bravery, courage																									
言言う																											
最終	noun	the last, the final																									
乗せる	verb	deceive	excite, rouse	give someone a ride	place upon																						
																											
笑い																											
方向	noun	course (in life etc.), goal	direction; heading																								
時々	adv	sometimes, at times, occasionally																									
％																											
兵	noun	a battle, a war	a soldier	a war machine; a weapon	another name for 歩(ふ) (fu) in shogi	in the old Japanese military structure, the lowest set of ranks for a soldier: a private, corporal, lance corporal	soldier																				
長官	noun	Same as chōkan above.	Same as kami above.	secretary, director, head of a section of government																							
政子	name	a female given name																									
吸う	verb	to absorb	to inhale	to smoke (tobacco or other drugs)	to suck																						
使用	noun	use, usage																									
使用	verb	use, utilize																									
勝手	adj	acting on one's own without asking	self-serving; conveniently arbitrary	selfish																							
勝手	noun	a kitchen	circumstances, a situation (e.g. a financial one), en environment	one's convenience, one's way																							
Ｋ																											
あ.																											
脅威	noun	threat; menace																									
脅威	verb	to threaten																									
惑星	noun	a dark horse	planet																								
会議	noun	meeting, conference																									
会議	verb	to hold a meeting																									
ハウス	noun	a building or structure, especially one used for amusement, food and beverage service, or shelter	a greenhouse	a house, a residence	house, house music	short for ハウス栽培 (hausu saibai, “greenhouse cultivation”): something grown in a greenhouse																					
ライン	noun	fishing line	line (group of people born in a certain year; liners)	line (path through two or more points)	line, boundary	team, workgroup																					
垂れ	noun	sauce, gravy, dip, especially for roasted or grilled meat, fish, or vegetables																									
垂れ	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 垂れる (tareru)																									
破る	verb	break, destroy, tear	break, violate, infringe	crack, break a password	defeat, beat																						
目撃	noun	seeing an event, witnessing																									
目撃	verb	to witness																									
乗れる																											
反対	noun	contrary to one’s expectations or intentions	opposite, reverse	opposition; disagreement; defiance																							
反対	verb	to be opposite to	to oppose to; to object to																								
危ない	adj	dangerous, critical, perilous, risky	limping, narrow, close	uncertain, unreliable, insecure																							
危ない	intj	Watch out!																									
機械																											
１人																											
感染	noun	infection, contagion																									
感染	verb	to become infected, to catch																									
建物																											
喧嘩	noun	a fight, a physical confrontation	a quarrel, a verbal dispute																								
喧嘩	verb	to quarrel with; to fight with (not militarily)																									
自然	adj	natural	spontaneous																								
自然	adv	coincidentally	naturally	rarely	spontaneously																						
自然	noun	nature	spontaneity																								
ぱりゃ																											
ルール	noun	Ruhr	loure (dance)	rule																							
代	noun	decade	era	generation of a family	price	price, cost, charge	reign of a royal	shiro, a unit of land	substitution																		
代	counter	era, age, decade	generation of a royal family																								
代	suffix	-ies, -hundreds	charge, fare, rate, fee, price, rent																								
意識	noun	consciousness; awareness	sense; awareness																								
意識	verb	be aware	be conscious																								
物語	noun	a tale; a story																									
平気	adj	calm; composed; unconcerned	fine; alright	insensitive; cavalier																							
平気	noun	calmness; insensitivity; lack of concern																									
直接	adj	direct																									
直接	noun	directness																									
合わせる	verb	adapt oneself to, join in	add up to, amount to	blend, mix	causative of 合う (au)	check with, check against	combine, fuse, merge	match with	put together	to raise a rod when a fish bites, thereby catching the fish	tune music, radio																
レイ	noun	A lei; a Hawaiian garland	令: command, order	伶: lonely, solitary	例: precedent, example; regulation	儷: companion, spouse, couple, pair	冷: cool	礼: social custom, manners, courtesy, rite, proper social behavior (in Confucianism), propriety, politeness	零: zero	霊: spirit; soul	麗: beauty, elegance																
歯	character	age	tooth																								
歯	noun	a unit equal to 1 Q (kyū) and 0.25 mm, abbreviated as H; ha is used for spacing, while Q is used for font size	age	tooth																							
ドラゴン	noun	Western dragon (mythical creature)																									
実行	noun	performance; execution (of a program)	practice	realization																							
実行	verb	carry out; to put into practice, to execute, to realize	run (a program)																								
実行	name	a male given name																									
借りる	verb	to borrow	to owe	to rent																							
レベル	noun	a level	a rebel	a revel																							
当たる	verb	to be correct, to be exactly right	to be shone on by the sun, to be warmed by heat, to be blown on by the wind	to hit	to include, to need (in the construction verb 〜には当たらない)	to win																					
悲しい	adj	regrettable	sad, sorrowful	very poor and miserable	愛しい: (archaic or dialect) beloved, dear	愛しい: (archaic, possibly obsolete) deeply moving	愛しい: (obsolete) admirable																				
招待	noun	invitation																									
招待	verb	invite, entertain																									
司令	noun	command (of troops)	commander																								
司令	verb	to command (troops)																									
格好																											
酔う	verb	synonym of 酔う (you, “to get drunk”)	to become drunk or intoxicated (exhilarated) by something	to get addicted	to get distracted by charm	to get drunk, become intoxicated or inebriated, fall under the influence of alcohol	to get motion sickness (as in carsick, airsick, seasick, etc.)	to get poisoned (from eating meat or fish)																			
奇妙	adj	strange, odd, peculiar, bizarre, queer																									
奇妙	noun	singularity, oddness, queerness																									
エイリアン	noun	synonym of 宇宙人 (uchūjin, “alien”) (life form of non-Earth origin)																									
支援	noun	aid, support																									
支援	verb	to aid, to support																									
アーマン																											
投げる	verb	to throw	to throw away																								
シティー	noun	alternative form of シティ																									
運	character	luck, fortune	to drive	to manage, to run	to ship, to transport																						
運	noun	luck, fortune																									
運	affix	carry, transport	luck, fate	move	put to work, operate																						
下がる	verb	to fall, descend	to hang (down)	to stand back, to withdraw																							
英雄	noun	hero																									
英雄	name	a male given name																									
社	suffix	aboriginal settlement	short for 会社 (kaisha): company, co.																								
戦闘	noun	a battle, a fight, combat																									
戦闘	verb	to fight, to battle																									
市民	noun	citizen(s); townsperson/townspeople																									
怒り	noun	anger	anger (less common)																								
進める	verb	promote, pursue, move forward with, advance																									
両方	noun	both parties	both sides																								
祈る	verb	to (sincerely) hope for	to pray	to reject job																							
押さえる																											
同意	noun	agreement, consent	synonymous																								
同意	verb	give consent, agree, concur																									
専門	noun	speciality/specialty; subject of study; subject of expertise; area of interest; profession																									
幾ら																											
料理	noun	cooking; cuisine																									
料理	verb	to cook, to prepare (food)	to deal with, to handle																								
或あ																											
テロリスト	noun	a terrorist																									
異常	adj	abnormal																									
異常	noun	abnormality																									
決まる	verb	to be decided, to be concluded, to be brought to a resolution																									
呼吸	noun	a breath	knack; the trick (to something)	respiration																							
呼吸	verb	breathe, respire																									
個	counter	item, article, thing																									
様子	noun	state of things; the situation; appearances; circumstances																									
ナイフ	noun	a Western knife, table knife																									
最	character	makes superlatives, most, -est																									
最	name	a female given name	a male given name																								
最	prefix	most, greatest																									
慣れる	verb	get used to																									
食う	verb	to bite, to sting (of an insect, usually used in the passive)	to eat, to devour	to make a living, to live; to survive	to put something in one's mouth	to tease, to taunt, to make light of, to make fun of; to torment																					
エリック	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Eric																									
議員	noun	a member of a legislature; a legislator; a congressperson, a Dietman, etc.																									
遠く	noun	a faraway place; somewhere far away																									
遠く	adj	continuative form of 遠い																									
教会	noun	church																									
捕らえる	verb	grasp, seize, capture																									
髪	noun	hair on the head																									
辺	noun	any of the connected pairs of the vertices in a graph; edge	place, general area, vicinity	the area near something or along the edge of something	the joining line between two vertices of a polygon; edge,																						
辺	suffix	place, general area, vicinity	the area near something or along the edge of something	vicinity, area																							
帝国	noun	empire																									
帝国	name	short for 大日本帝国 (Dainippon Teikoku, “Empire of Japan”)																									
																											
石	noun	a stone	a traditional Japanese unit of volume, one koku is ten 斗 (to)	a traditional Japanese unit of volume, one koku is ten 斗 (to):	a transistor	a unit of quantity for 鮭 (sake, “salmon”) and 鱒 (masu, “trout”); one koku is equal to 40 salmon or 60 trout	for grains of rice; one koku is equal to approximately 180 litres	for land of famous daimyo or samurai; one koku is also approximately 180 litres	for 和船 (wasen); one koku is equal to 10 cubic shaku or approximately 0.278 cubic metres																		
石	counter	counter for gemstones used as bearings in watches and other devices	counter for transistors, especially discrete ones																								
石	affix	clipping of 石見国 (Iwami-no-kun): Iwami Province	go stone	needle made of stone	something solid but worthless	stone																					
猫	noun	a cat																									
させる	suffix	Expresses causation: to make … do …																									
させる	verb	causative of する (suru, “to do”)																									
如何	adj	what kind of																									
如何	adv	howsoever, however	in what manner, how	what about... (used to make a suggestion)																							
如何	noun	the whatevers, the whys and wherefores; however																									
アイディア	noun	idea, invention																									
ダウン	noun	a machine being down, failing to work	being down with a disease, being unable to work due to sickness	being knocked down in boxing	down (feathers)	going down, fall, decrease																					
ダウン	verb	be down with a disease, be unable to work due to sickness	be knocked down in boxing	go down, fall, decrease	go down, malfunction																						
キング	noun	a king	synonym of 王 (ō, “king”)																								
キング	name	a transliteration of the English surname King																									
復讐	noun	revenge; vengeance																									
復讐	verb	to take revenge																									
付き合う	verb	to go out with, to be dating	to keep company with, to get along with																								
掴む	verb	to abduct, kidnap	to accept (a bribe)	to capture, grasp (imagination, hearts, opportunities, etc.)	to grab	to grip, take hold of																					
受け取る	verb	take, interpret (words, gestures)	to receive																								
生物	noun	an organism; a life form																									
親	character	parent, elder																									
親	noun	a parent	one's ancestors, one's forebears	the boss or leader	the dealer, (gambling) the banker	the larger one of several objects of the same kind	the originator or founder of a school, company, or other organization																				
親	prefix	pro- (in support of)																									
弱い	adj	low tolerance	weak, inept, incompetent	weak, powerless, vulnerable, vincible, delicate																							
後悔	noun	regret																									
後悔	verb	to regret																									
所有	noun	possession, the ownership of something	something that one owns																								
所有	verb	to possess																									
努力	noun	an effort, an endeavor																									
努力	verb	to endeavor, to make an effort																									
確保	noun	guarantee																									
確保	verb	to reserve, to secure																									
扱う	verb	handle, manage, deal with																									
肉	character	flesh, meat																									
肉	noun	a woman not part of the demimonde who engaged in secret, unlicensed prostitution	an ink pad, a stamp pad	excess fat, flab	human flesh	meat (of boars, pigs, deer, etc.)	meat, the muscle and fat tissue of an animal used as food	muscle	one's body, as opposed to spirit	refers to humans themselves, their world, and their sins, as opposed to their spirit	short for 肉襦袢 (niku juban): flesh-toned undergarments worn by actors and shown when the character has to display their skin	the flesh of a fruit or vegetable	the flesh of an animal	the flesh or meat of something, such as an idea, structure, or argument	the human body	the thickness of a thing											
成長	noun	growth; maturation																									
成長	verb	grow	grow up, become big																								
城	noun	a castle, a fortress	a structure surrounded by a moat or walls: a fortress, castle	castle																							
都市	noun	city; town																									
エンジン	noun	engine (mechanical device)	engine (system)																								
或いは																											
西	character	Europe, European	autumn	kanji used to transliterate foreign languages	short for 西班牙 (Supein): Spain, Spanish	west																					
西	noun	a 役 (yaku, “winning hand”) with a triplet or quad of west wind tiles; depending on wind round and player's seat wind, it is worth either 1 or 2 翻 (han, “doubles”)	in kabuki:	lower-ranked wrestlers listed on the left side of a banzuke	the West	the West; (later, more specifically) the capitalist states of the West (originally western Europe, as opposed to Eastern Bloc countries)	the left side of the stage in the Edo-style	the right side of the stage in Kyoto and Osaka styles	the west wind, wind blowing from the west	west (one of the four cardinal directions)	west wind (mahjong tile)																
西	name	a place name, especially the name of various wards in major cities throughout Japan	a red-light district in Edo-period Shinjuku (as it was located west of Edo Castle)	a surname	short for 西本願寺 (Nishi Hongan-ji): a Buddhist temple in Kyoto	synonym of 西方浄土 (Saihō Jōdo): the western paradise of Amitabha Buddha																					
テレビ	noun	clipping of テレビジョン (terebijon, “television”): a TV																									
高る																											
乃至	conj	from ... to ...	or																								
出掛ける	verb	go out																									
近い	adj	close, closely related	close, on good terms with	near (in time), at hand	near, close to (in space)	near, not far off (in amount)	similar in appearance, form, color, shape, etc.																				
でも	particle	also in	even	or	or something																						
でも	conj	but, however																									
ラ	syllable	The katakana syllable ラ (ra). Its equivalent in hiragana is ら (ra). It is the thirty-ninth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is ラ行ア段 (ra-gyō a-dan, “row ra, section a”).																									
起動	noun	the act of starting up a machine, especially a computer																									
起動	verb	to start																									
安心	adj	unworrying, safe																									
安心	noun	equanimity	lack of worry, peace of mind	relief																							
安心	verb	to have one's heart at ease, to feel easy, to be relieved																									
																											
ハンク																											
タイプ	noun	clipping of タイプライター (taipuraitā, “typewriter”)	type, kind, sort																								
タイプ	verb	type (to enter using a typewriter or keyboard)																									
タイプ	adj	being a type (that one likes)																									
騙す	verb	to cheat, deceive																									
発射	noun	launch, firing																									
発射	verb	launch, fire																									
満足	adj	happy, satisfying, sufficient, competent																									
満足	noun	satisfaction; being satisfied																									
満足	verb	to be satisfied, to be content																									
教授	noun	instruction, teaching	professor																								
教授	verb	to instruct, to teach																									
亡くなる	verb	to die																									
マイル	noun	a mile																									
胸	character	breast, chest	heart, feeling, thought																								
胸	noun	bosom, breasts	chest, breast	heart, inner thoughts																							
喋る																											
オン	noun	being on the green	of a device, being on, being switched on or turned on																								
オン	verb	be on the green	switch on or turn on																								
確かめる	verb	to verify, to find out, to confirm																									
確信	noun	conviction, confidence in																									
確信	verb	to be convinced that																									
億	character	conjecture	hundred million																								
億	noun	a hundred million, 10⁸																									
愚か																											
突然	adj	sudden																									
突然	adv	suddenly																									
/																											
詳しい	adj	detailed	familiar																								
曹	character	cadet	friend																								
学	character	education, study, learn	school	science																							
学	noun	scholarship; learning; knowledge																									
学	suffix	-ology; -ics; study of...																									
学	name	a male given name																									
決定	noun	choice	decision																								
決定	verb	to decide	to decide on; to choose																								
荷物	noun	baggage, luggage	unwelcome burden																								
次第	noun	circumstances	order																								
次第	suffix	dependent on, as soon as																									
国王	noun	king																									
塵	noun	dust	impurity	one billionth																							
ビデオ	noun	video	videotape	videotape recorder																							
一致	noun	agreement, harmony, unity	cooperation																								
一致	verb	to agree, to be in unison	to cooperate																								
掻す																											
ブース	noun	a booth																									
分析	noun	analysis																									
分析	verb	to analyze																									
権	suffix	right to do something, authority																									
距離	noun	distance	mental distance, psychological gap																								
撃	character	beat; Hit																									
ジェームズ	name	James																									
無くなる	verb	to disappear, to fade, to get lost																									
村	noun	village (a rural habitation of size between a hamlet and a town)																									
村	affix	local administrative division	village																								
一生	noun	a lifetime, one's whole life																									
一生	name	a male given name																									
[																											
最大	noun	maximum, greatest, largest																									
																											
天使	noun	a messenger or envoy from heaven	an angel	an imperial messenger or envoy	someone who is kind and pure; an angel																						
クラブ	noun	a crab	a group of people with a common purpose such as research or hobbies	a member organization for socializing, playing and sports; or meeting place for them	a stick-shaped implement	bars and amusement facilities with a membership system, such as nightclub	clubs	extracurricular activities at a school	golf club (implement used to hit a golf ball)	juggling club	倶楽部: a club (association of members)																
案内	noun	guidance	information	notice																							
案内	verb	to guide, to show, to show around	to invite	to lead	to notify																						
向く	verb	be suitable for, be fit for	face, open on	turn toward, point, (move to) face																							
集まる	verb	to assemble	to come together	to gather																							
正体	noun	a Traditional Chinese character	a natural, original, true, etc. form, shape or identity	the "standard", most recognized form	the undistorted form (as opposed to a scaled or oblique form, for example, originally in phototypesetting)																						
初め	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 初める (someru)																									
初め	suffix	for the first time, typically in the current year																									
何し																											
回復	noun	recovery	restoration																								
回復	verb	to recover	to restore																								
プロ	noun	production (プロダクション)	professional (プロフェッショナル)	program (プログラム)	proletarian (プロレタリア, プロレタリアート)	propaganda (プロパガンダ)	proportion (プロポーション)	prostitute (プロスチチュート)																			
有名	adj	famous, renowned, well-known, celebrated	having a name, named																								
有名	noun	fame, renown																									
機能	noun	a function																									
機能	verb	function (as something), work																									
タイム	noun	thyme, plants of genus Thymus	time	time out in a game or match																							
魔女	noun	a witch, a sorceress	a woman living in the demonic realm; a demonic woman																								
提案	noun	proposal	suggestion																								
提案	verb	to propose	to suggest																								
書類	noun	documents, papers																									
張る	verb	put up, spread	to add (water) until a container is full	to be expensive	to be nervous, to be tense	to speculate, to stake money on	to spread, to fill	to stick out (arms, chest), to be prominent	to stretch a rope, to post a cordon	to swell	撲る: to slap																
社会	noun	a class, a world of a certain group	society (group of people sharing culture)																								
禁止	noun	prohibition																									
禁止	verb	to ban; to prohibit																									
卿	noun	Sir, Lord																									
光栄	adj	honourable; an honour																									
光栄	noun	honour																									
光栄	verb	to bring honour																									
東	noun	Kamakura and/or Edo, as opposed to Kyoto and Osaka	a 役 (yaku, “winning hand”) with a triplet or quad of east wind tiles; depending on wind round and player's seat wind, it is worth either 1 or 2 翻 (han, “doubles”)	an Eastern Bloc country	an easterly (wind blowing from the east)	during the Edo period, the region around Edo	during the Kamakura and Muromachi periods, the Kamakura region or its titular 幕府 (bakufu, “shogunate”), as opposed to the imperial capital of Kyoto	east wind (mahjong tile)	higher-ranked wrestlers listed on the right of a banzuke	short for 東つ (azumatsu)	short for 東下駄 (azumageta)	short for 東琴 (azumagoto): a six-stringed Japanese zither	the Orient	the east	the east (compass point)	the lands east of the 都 (miyako, “imperial capital”)											
東	name	Higashi (multiple places throughout Japan, especially referring to a ward in Okayama, Kumamoto, Sakai, Sapporo, Nagoya, Niigata, Hamamatsu, Hiroshima and Fukuoka)	a former ward in Osaka, Japan	a historical red-light district in Edo located east of Edo Castle, today in Fukagawa, Kōtō, Tokyo prefecture	a male given name	a placename	a surname	a unisex given name	short for 東京 (Tōkyō): Tokyo	short for 東国 (Tōgoku): a historical administrative division of Japan, corresponding to the modern Kantō and Tōkai regions	short for 東本願寺 (Higashi Hongan-ji): a Buddhist temple in Shimogyō, Kyoto, Japan	short for 関東 (Kantō): the Kantō region of Japan															
東	affix	east																									
リック	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Rick																									
易い	adj	easy to do, easy																									
易い	suffix	easy to (verb)	happens easily, tends to (verb)																								
フランス	name	France (a country located primarily in Western Europe)																									
実験	noun	experiment																									
実験	verb	to do an experiment																									
接触	noun	making contact; touch																									
接触	verb	come into contact with	keep in contact with																								
神経	noun	nerve	sensitivity																								
打てる																											
橋	noun	a bridge-like walkway or corridor between two buildings in a manor, palace, castle, or similar structure	a person who acts as a bridge between different people: a mediator, a go-between	that which is constructed to connect two points for the purpose of transportation: a bridge																							
前回	noun	last time (the previous occurrence)																									
乾杯	verb	to drink a glass dry	to toast																								
乾杯	intj	cheers! bottoms up! (toast)																									
闇	character	dark, darkness																									
闇	noun	a dark place	darkness, as a metaphor for worldly desires	darkness, the dark	the dark, darkness																						
バン	noun	bun (a small bread roll)	van (a (covered) vehicle used for carrying goods)																								
自己	noun	self; oneself																									
鉄	character	iron																									
鉄	noun	a blade, a knife, a sword, a weapon	iron	iron, the metal and the metallic chemical element	short for 鉄砲 (teppō, literally “cannon”, but in this case, refers to the poisonous fugu blowfish or dishes made from it)	short for 鉄色 (tetsu iro, “steely black”)	short for 鉄道 (tetsudō, “railway”)	something extremely strong	steel																		
スカイ																											
Ｂ																											
正に																											
ける																											
匹	counter	numbers of 銭(せん) (sen)	rolls of cloth	small animals																							
味方	noun	a friend	a supporter	an ally																							
味方	verb	stand by, support (to back a cause, party etc. mentally or with concrete aid)																									
肢	character	limb																									
日間	noun	appointed date; schedule	days (of duration)	interest	the daytime																						
久しい	adj	long, a long time since																									
衛星	noun	a satellite (a body orbiting a larger one; man-made apparatus designed to be placed in orbit around a celestial body)																									
ジミー	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Jimmy																									
分かぶ																											
指揮	noun	command, direction																									
指揮	verb	to command, to direct																									
サイモン	name	a transliteration of the English male given name and surname Simon																									
特定	noun	a certain one, particular one, specific one																									
特定	verb	specify, identify, determine																									
遠い	adj	distant, far	distantly related	far off, far from (accurate etc.)	long ago, far in the past																						
シャー	noun	shah																									
シャー	intj	The sound of rushing water.																									
腹	character	abdomen	belly	stomach																							
腹	noun	belly																									
撒く	verb	to distribute; to spread	to shake off (to lose someone who is tracking you)	to sprinkle; to scatter around																							
捜索	noun	investigation (police investigation)	search (rescue of a missing person etc.)																								
捜索	verb	to investigate	to search (especially for a missing person or people)																								
略	character	plan, strategy	to abbreviate	to invade	to omit																						
略	noun	abbreviation; short for	omission																								
ビール	noun	beer (alcoholic drink made of malt)																									
匂い																											
絵	character	picture																									
絵	noun	drawing, sketch	picture, painting																								
絵	affix	picture, painting, drawing, sketch																									
上る																											
烏賊	noun	a squid (sea animal), a cuttlefish																									
やら	particle	A and B and such	An informal alternative to the か (ka) suffix for interrogatives.																								
やら	verb	imperfective of やる (yaru)																									
動き	noun	move, movement, motion	trend, change, fluctuation																								
複雑	adj	complex (not simple or straightforward)																									
11																											
『																											
安定	noun	stability																									
安定	verb	to even out, to stabilize																									
足りる	verb	to suffice; to be enough																									
症	suffix	attached to the names of conditions																									
正面	noun	direct front side of something	front, façade (as of a building)	in the Shinagawa area of Edo, the front area of a brothel where prostitutes would show off and attract customers	straightforwardness, directness (especially in dealing with something)	the front of the main stage	the north side of the 土俵場 (dohyōba, “the raised square wrestling ring”)																				
グループ	noun	a group																									
才能	noun	ability, talent																									
大人	noun	a daimyo	a giant	a large person	a leader:	a lord, a landowner	a person of high rank, a ruler or noble	an adult	an adult, a grown-up	an elder of a group or community	an honorific form of reference for a scholar or teacher, or one's own father	an honorific form of reference for a scholar or teacher, or one's own parent	an honorific form of reference for the addressee	in the Edo period, a kind of civil servant working in Nagasaki	in the late Muromachi period, the representative of a village or guild	one's wife	the Buddhas and bodhisattvas	the head lady-in-waiting	the head servant								
大人	adj	adult; sexual	mature; grown-up																								
』																											
依頼	noun	a request	dependence, reliance																								
依頼	verb	to depend, to entrust	to request, to ask (someone to do)																								
壊する																											
尽くす	verb	To exhaust; deplete; use up.	serve, assist																								
尽くす	suffix	to do to exhaustion, to do something completely																									
カー	noun	car																									
カー	intj	caw (the sound a crow makes)																									
靴																											
導く	verb	to guide, to conduct																									
臭い																											
［																											
偶然	adj	contingent, casual, accidental, incidental																									
偶然	adv	by chance, incidentally																									
偶然	noun	chance, contingency																									
戦士	noun	a soldier, a combatant, a warrior																									
ジェイク																											
生命	noun	life; one's existence																									
警部	noun	police inspector																									
赤ん坊	noun	an infant; a baby																									
処理	noun	handling; dealing with	processing																								
処理	verb	to handle; to deal with	to process																								
ロス	noun	a feeling of missing something	a loss																								
ロス	verb	to lose (time, money, etc. against a plan)																									
ロス	name	short for ロサンゼルス: Los Angeles (a large city in California, United States)																									
挨拶	noun	a greeting, a salutation, a polite set phrase	an address given at an official function or ceremony	greetings or respects such as given at holidays or funerals																							
挨拶	verb	to greet, to say hello, to address																									
アンタ																											
喉	noun	the inside margin, whichever vertical margin that is adjacent to the spine of the book	throat																								
喉	counter	counter for fish																									
齎す																											
２０																											
土地	noun	area; region	ground; land																								
位	affix	rank, place																									
位	counter	decimal place	ghosts	rank, place																							
隣り	noun	alternative form of 隣																									
ビジネス	noun	business																									
他人	noun	other people	stranger																								
住所	noun	address	domicile																								
貝	noun	Babylonia japonica (Japanese babylon or Japanese ivory shell)	an aquatic shellfish (generally limited to mollusks with calcareous shells such as clams or snails, and excluding crustaceans such as shrimp or crabs)																								
暴力	noun	violence (especially criminal), force																									
パリ	name	Paris (the capital and largest city of France)																									
パリ	adv	cracklingly, crinklingly, crunchingly																									
パリ	intj	the sound of crackling, crinkling, or crunching																									
ウォーカー																											
麻薬	noun	any illegal psychoactive drug	opiate or opioid																								
然る	verb	adnominal of 然り (shikari, “to be like so, to be thus”)																									
育つ	verb	be raised, grow up	nurture, train (professionals)	to grow																							
以内	noun	within, inside of a certain area, range, or time period																									
節	character	joint; section	node	season	verse (part of a song), stanza (part of a poem)																						
節	noun	a knuckle, a joint	a person's principles	melody	occasion, time	paragraph, stanza, clause	point	section																			
反乱	noun	rebellion, uprising, revolt																									
反乱	verb	to rebel, to revolt																									
只	character	just	only	simply																							
予想	noun	a forecast	an estimate	conjecture, hypothesis	expectation; anticipation																						
予想	verb	estimate	expect; anticipate																								
川	character	river																									
川	noun	river, stream, brook																									
バック	noun	a back (a position (player) behind most others on the team)	a backer, a supporter (someone who supports a person or enterprise)	additional income on top of basic pay, derived from things like one's clients purchasing alcohol	back	backhand	clipping of バックグラウンド (“background”)	doggy style	reversing, moving backwards	the backstroke																	
バック	verb	give a refund	go back	move backwards																							
ハート	noun	hearts	synonym of 心 (kokoro, “heart”) (emotions or kindness)	synonym of 心臓 (shinzō, “heart”)																							
発	character	discharge	disclose	emit	occur	set off, depart	start from																				
発	noun	departure																									
発	counter	Counter for artillery fire. Round.	Counter for other things which are "fired".																								
聞み																											
半	character	half																									
半	noun	odd (especially of dice)																									
半	prefix	half, semi-																									
半	suffix	and a half																									
練習	noun	practice (learning or improvement of a skill)																									
練習	verb	practice																									
優秀	adj	excellent, superior, outstanding																									
優秀	noun	excellence																									
証言	noun	testimony																									
証言	verb	to testify																									
無視	noun	ignoring, neglect																									
無視	verb	to ignore, to neglect																									
トイレ	noun	bathroom, restroom, lavatory	toilet																								
同様	adj	equal, same																									
同様	noun	equality																									
ディーン	name	a transliteration of the English surname and male given name Dean																									
チップ	noun	a tip; a gratuity	woodchip																								
カーター																											
尻	character	Used in toponyms of Hokkaido.	bottom; end	buttocks																							
尻	noun	ass, butt	behind; the end	the bottom or underside of an object	the rear portion of the body: bottom, buttocks																						
尻	suffix	suffix in certain surnames																									
尻	affix	used in toponyms of Hokkaido																									
トップ	noun	ellipsis of トップバスト	opening page; index page	top (highest point or position)																							
寄る	verb	to advance in years	to come near, to come up, to approach	to drop by, to stop at, to call on someone	to gather	to push out while grabbing the belt	to step aside																				
御腹																											
寒い	adj	cold (ambient temperature, as a winter day is cold)	fearful	terrible; not funny																							
ドライブ	noun	a drive (storage medium)	a drive: a hit causing the ball to move in a flat trajectory, as in tennis or baseball	driving (a car etc.), (especially) for personal entertainment; going out for a drive																							
ドライブ	verb	to drive: to hit the ball in a flat trajectory, as in tennis or baseball	to go for a drive																								
難い	adj	difficult																									
難い	suffix	difficult or hard to do	difficult or hard to do (emphasis on the disagreeability of performing the action)																								
キャリー																											
嘗て																											
変更	noun	a change, alteration																									
変更	verb	to modify, alter, change																									
強盗	noun	burglar	mugger	robber	robbery																						
稼ぐ																											
発生	noun	development	occurrence, incidence																								
発生	verb	develop	occur, rise																								
贈り物	noun	present; gift																									
鼻	character	nose																									
鼻	noun	nose	trunk																								
鼻	pron	first-person personal male pronoun; I, me																									
巨大	adj	great; gigantic; huge; very big																									
巨大	noun	hugeness, greatness																									
フラッシュ	noun	a flashbulb	a flush																								
恥	character	embarrassment	shame																								
恥	noun	shame																									
ケーキ	noun	cake																									
流ぁ																											
]																											
歓迎	noun	acclaim, praise	welcome																								
歓迎	verb	to acclaim, to praise	to welcome																								
病	character	being stiff and not able to move	difficult	have a disease; disease	make one suffer	suffer																					
病	noun	a bad habit	disease, illness																								
病	suffix	disease, illness																									
規則	noun	rule; regulation																									
正義	noun	Justice	justice																								
正義	name	a male given name																									
電気	noun	electric light	electricity																								
我慢	noun	arrogance	patience, endurance, tolerance																								
我慢	verb	endure, be patient, deny oneself something, hang in there, display restraint																									
赤い	adj	red (color)																									
極そ																											
ライアン																											
トッド																											
擦る	verb	lose at gambling	rub, scrub	strike a match	to graze, to touch lightly	to lay blame on (someone), to attribute responsibility to (someone)	to rub	to scrape, to scratch	to scrub, to scour	to smear, to rub on to (something), to spread over (something)	to take a cut (of profits, etc.), to exploit, to extort																
知り合い	noun	acquaintance																									
やばい	adj	dangerous, risky	highly concerning (in a negative way)	risque, off-color, vulgar	very good, awesome, crazy, sick, wild																						
やばい	intj	oh no, crap																									
友	character	friend																									
友	name	a male given name																									
空気	noun	air, atmosphere	mood, atmosphere, usually with peer pressure	someone or something with a weak presence																							
ダンス	noun	a dance																									
高校	noun	high school; senior high school																									
通る	verb	to go through, to pass																									
パイロット	noun	pilot (of a plane)	pilot (test episode of a TV program)																								
ホーム	noun	home	platform																								
ロボット	noun	a robot																									
待機	noun	being on alert, standby																									
待機	verb	stand by																									
標的	noun	target																									
嵐	character	fresh energy from the mountains	storm, tempest																								
嵐	noun	a difficulty, discord, strife	a magnetic storm	a rainstorm	a storm, tempest:	a windstorm	short for 嵐の日 (arashi no hi): the first day of the seventh month in the lunar calendar																				
嵐	name	a female given name	a surname																								
交換	noun	commutation	exchange; swap; give-and-take																								
交換	verb	to exchange																									
50																											
事務	noun	business, clerical work																									
ﾞ																											
鋤	noun	spade																									
叩く	verb	to call (an API)	to clap (hands)	to criticize; to verbally abuse or attack	to hit; to strike; to beat; to paddle (to spank with a paddle)	to play (drums); to beat	to use up money																				
夫人	noun	(another person's) wife, married lady	consort of the emperor	madam, Mrs.	wife of a nobleman																						
レスター	name	Leicester	Lester																								
大使	noun	ambassador																									
ファン	noun	fan, an enthusiast (of a performer etc.)	handheld fan																								
ファン	suffix	fan, an enthusiast (of a performer etc.)																									
評価	noun	appraisal	evaluation; assessment	recognition, appreciation																							
評価	verb	appraise	evaluate	value highly, appreciate																							
手段	noun	procedure; method; way; a means (to an end)																									
トム	name	Thom	Tom																								
（光る																											
先ぁ																											
副	noun	copy	short for 副詞 (fukushi, “adverb”)																								
副	prefix	assistant, sub-, vice-, auxiliary, supplemental																									
無線	noun	wireless																									
倍	noun	twice, double, two times																									
倍	counter	a multiple of 全角 (zenkaku, “fullwidth/-height”) or 1 em in Western typography	a unit in newspaper typesetting, equal to 88 mils, ⁸⁸⁄₁₀₀₀ in, 8 U (U) and ¹⁄₁₆ 段 (dan)	times, -fold																							
豆	character	bean, legume																									
豆	noun	a bean	a pea	a soybean	the pulses																						
保証	noun	a guarantee or warranty for a product	an assurance, a guarantee	legal assumption of responsibility																							
保証	verb	to assume legal responsibility, to swear	to ensure, to attest, to stipulate, to vouch																								
地図	noun	a map (visual representation of an area)																									
名誉	adj	famous	honorable	honorary																							
名誉	noun	being honorable	fame	honor, prestige																							
米国	noun	a country that is an exporter of rice	a country that is rich in rice																								
米国	name	United States, America (a country in North America)																									
届く	verb	alternative form of 届く (todoku)	alternative form of 届ける (todokeru)	to reach																							
フィンチ																											
試合	noun	match, game																									
噂	noun	abbreviation of 噂付け (uwasazuke, obsolete)	gossip	rumor, rumour																							
噂	verb	to talk gossip (about)																									
リース	noun	lease	wreath																								
我	pron	first person singular pronoun: I, me, oneself	first-person personal pronoun: I, me	second person singular pronoun: you																							
我	noun	atman	obstinacy	self-righteousness	the ego, self																						
我	affix	atman	egotism, selfishness	self, oneself, myself																							
対処	noun	coping, handling																									
対処	verb	to deal with something; to cope with something																									
仕掛ける	verb	begin, start	challenge, pick a fight, to make (war)	rig, plant, lay, set up (e.g. a trap, explosives)																							
閉じ込める	verb	To shut something inside, to imprison, to confine.																									
効果	noun	effect	koka, points or the judge call to the points in the match of Japanese martial art of judo. less points to yuko.																								
大佐	noun	a captain (naval officer with a rank between commander and commodore or rear admiral)	a colonel	a group captain																							
アーロン																											
イエス	intj	yes (I accept that)	yes (that is so)																								
イエス	noun	yes																									
イエス	name	Jesus																									
当てる	verb	aim or direct onto something	guess right, hit on, choose correctly	hit (collide)	hit (strike a target)	press against something, apply																					
立派	adj	excellent; splendid; magnificent	lofty; honorable; admirable																								
立派	noun	honor, legality, prominence	splendor, magnificence, elegance																								
終了	noun	end; conclusion; finish																									
終了	verb	to end; to conclude; to close; to finish																									
エージェント	noun	agent																									
謝る	verb	to seek forgiveness for a mistake; to apologize																									
扉	noun	a door (moving part of a hinged door that swings out or in, as opposed to a sliding door or the doorway as a whole)	a title page	an entrance to something																							
慈悲	noun	compassion	mercy; sympathy																								
跡	character	tracks																									
跡	noun	Used in compound terms such as 跡(と)絶(だ)える (todaeru, “to cut off, sever”), 跡(と)見(み) (tomi, “tracking (in hunting)”), etc.	evidence of something passing; footsteps, trace, tracks	family estate or property	family possessions	footsteps, tracks	mark or trace left on something after a certain act is done to it	precedent, example	remains, ruins	trace, mark; remains																	
食料	noun	food																									
主め																											
巻き込む	verb	to involve, to enfold, to swallow up, to get in, to catch up																									
爆破	noun	blast, destruction by bombing																									
爆破	verb	blast, destroy by bombing																									
キロ	prefix	kilo-																									
キロ	noun	clipping of キログラム (kiroguramu, “kilogram”); kilo	clipping of キロメートル (kiromētoru, “kilometer”)																								
キロ	counter	clipping of キログラム (kiroguramu, “kilogram”); kilo	clipping of キロメートル (kiromētoru, “kilometer”)																								
セックス	noun	sex, sexual intercourse																									
セックス	verb	to have sex																									
加減	noun	addition and subtraction	adjustment, moderation	degree, amount (of seasoning, heating, etc.)	physical condition, how one is feeling																						
加減	suffix	just right	the degree of	to that degree																							
加減	verb	adjust, make an allowance																									
眼鏡	noun	glasses, eyeglasses																									
サイン	noun	a sign	a signature; an autograph	signal	sine																						
サイン	verb	to sign																									
違反	noun	violation																									
違反	verb	to violate a law																									
吹く	verb	blow (of wind, to move; or to cause air to move)	laugh reflexively	play (a woodwind or brass instrument); blow (a whistle)	spout (as a gas or liquid, out of something)																						
乗り	verb	stem or continuative form of 乗る (noru)																									
乗り	noun	Used other than figuratively or idiomatically: see 乗り: (act of) riding	ノリ: (Noh) rhythm	ノリ: (slang, by extension) mood; tempo; momentum; atmosphere; vibe; whim																							
乗り	suffix	of a vehicle, seating ... people																									
なり	verb	the classical copula “to be”, equivalent to modern Japanese である (de aru) or だ (da), or adjective particle な (na)	成り, 為り, 生り, 鳴り: stem or continuative form of なる (naru)																								
なり	particle	... or ...	Used when giving an example, without the implication that it might be the best or the only option																								
なり	suffix	A modal auxiliary verb indicating hearsay or conjecture based on what is heard: it sounds like; it is said that																									
なり	noun	成り, 為り: (shogi) promotion	生り: bearing (of fruits)																								
緊張	noun	mental strain, nervousness	physical tension, strain	tension in a relationship	the contracted state of a muscle																						
緊張	verb	be mentally tense, be nervous	be physically tense	for a muscle to contract	for a relationship to suffer tension																						
接続	noun	clipping of 接続詞: conjunction	connection																								
接続	verb	connect																									
厳しい	adj	beautiful, pretty	dignified, solemn, stern, noble, refined	dire, difficult, tight (said of a situation)	extreme, excessive, terrible (said of an action)	harsh, tough, extreme, severe, hard to withstand (said of natural phenomena)	stern, grave, forbidding; dignified, stately	strict, unforgiving	tight, close, without gaps	wondrous, miraculous, splendid, sublime																	
マス																											
通う	verb	to commute, to go back and forth, to ply between, to attend (school)																									
届ける	verb	to deliver																									
ソール	noun	sole; the bottom portion of a shoe	soul music																								
時計	noun	a clock, a watch, a timepiece, a timekeeper																									
抵抗	noun	resistance	resistor																								
抵抗	verb	to resist																									
剤	suffix	agent, chemical substance	dose	drug, medicine																							
礼	character	manners; etiquette																									
礼	noun	a bow, the gesture of bending at the waist	an expression of thanks or gratitude																								
ぽい	adv	lightly, carelessly, casually (also indicating something being thrown)	suddenly (also indicating movement away)																								
ぽい	noun	the act of lightly throwing something: tossing, chucking, especially carelessly: littering																									
ぽい	verb	to throw away																									
ぽい	adj	resembling the real thing																									
胡麻	noun	sesame (Sesamum indicum), both plant and seeds																									
ウィル																											
恋	character	attach	love																								
恋	noun	longing, yearning	love, especially romantic love																								
恋	name	a female given name																									
回す	verb	invest	pass (something to another person)	record video, roll	send something or refer someone to a place where they are needed	turn, spin, rotate																					
描く	verb	to imagine	to paint; to draw	to picture; to portray; to depict																							
勝ち	noun	victory																									
勝ち	suffix	tends to, liable to do																									
障害	noun	impediment, obstacle, handicap																									
障害	verb	obstruct																									
れれ																											
マギー																											
得意	adj	skilled	triumphant, proud																								
得意	noun	regular customer	strong point	triumph																							
諸君	pron	all of you men (below the speaker in rank; sometimes gender neutral)																									
武装	noun	armaments																									
武装	verb	be armed																									
卒業	noun	graduation	graduation (leaving a group)	outgrowth																							
卒業	verb	to graduate	to graduate (leave a group)	to outgrow																							
法律	noun	A statute. An act of a legislature.	The field, profession, and study of law. The rule of law.																								
宜しい	adj	fine, OK, will do	good																								
暗い																											
主義	noun	a principle or set of principles; a doctrine; an ism																									
主義	suffix	-ism																									
出身	noun	hometown, the place one comes from	the group or organization from which one comes	the school from which one graduated																							
魅力	noun	allure, charm, glamour																									
興奮	noun	excitement, stimulation, agitation, arousal																									
興奮	verb	be excited, be stimulated, be agitated, be aroused																									
作業	noun	work; operation																									
作業	verb	work																									
恋人	noun	The Lovers, the sixth trump or major arcana card in most traditional Tarot decks	a lover; a boyfriend or girlfriend																								
レッド	noun	red																									
離する																											
維持	noun	maintenance																									
維持	verb	maintain, keep																									
バッグ	noun	a bag, a satchel, a handbag, a purse, a suitcase																									
誤解	noun	misunderstanding																									
誤解	verb	to misunderstand																									
止まれる																											
帽子	noun	hat, cap																									
新た	adj	fresh	new, novel	renewed	灼: efficacious																						
横	character	next, next to	sideways, horizontal																								
横	noun	horizontal dimension; width	side																								
横	affix	brimming	self-willed; arbitrary; unrestrained and aggressive	sideways, horizontal	sudden; unexpected																						
直	character	straight																									
直	adj	direct, straight, frank	nearby, close	simple, not extravagant, not expensive, less formal	sincere, straightforward, proper, frank	soon, shortly																					
直	prefix	directly																									
直	verb	to do one's duty, be on duty																									
直	adv	earnestly, eagerly	exactly, precisely	immediately, directly																							
直	name	a male given name																									
戦	noun	a battle, conflict, fight, war	a competition, contest	a game, match	a shiver, shudder, tremble																						
戦	suffix	match, competition, contest																									
戦	affix	battle, conflict, fight, war	shivering, shuddering, trembling																								
戦	name	a surname																									
ノー	intj	no (I do not accept or allow that)	no (that is untrue)																								
ノー	noun	a lack of something (often found in compounds)	a no, a denial																								
ノー	prefix	without																									
生存	noun	living, life																									
生存	verb	live, exist																									
納得	noun	agreement	understanding																								
納得	verb	consent, agree, understand the reason for something																									
=	particle	alternative form of イコール (ikōru, “equals, is equal to”)																									
=	symbol	alternative form of ゠																									
片	character	one of a pair, one-sided	pound sterling	slice	slight, a little																						
片	prefix	frequently, intently, earnestly	incomplete, partial, small	leaning or trending that way (emphasizing the quality of the prefixed noun)	one side or part of a pair or larger set	one-sided																					
北部	noun	northern part, northern area																									
																											
勉強	noun	studying, studies, study																									
勉強	verb	to discount, to reduce the price of something	to study																								
裏切り	noun	treachery, betrayal																									
セキュリティー	noun	security	security; safety																								
約	character	approximately, roughly	contract, promise	to contract, to shorten																							
約	adv	about, approximately																									
約	noun	Clipping of 約音 (yakuon)																									
仮令																											
直る	verb	to be repaired																									
育てる	verb	To raise, to rear, to foster, to bring up.																									
キャプテン	noun	captain																									
将来	noun	future prospects	the future																								
将来	adv	in the future																									
太陽	noun	greater yang (⚌)	the Sun	the sun																							
伝説	noun	folklore	legend	tradition																							
ロー	noun	rho																									
目茶																											
船長	noun	sea captain, skipper	the length of a ship																								
ワイン	noun	wine																									
支払う	verb	pay (money)																									
不思議	adj	mysterious, wonderful, curious, strange	short for 不可思議 (fuka shigi): beyond human recognition or understanding; ineffable	suspicious	unthinkable, extravagant																						
不思議	noun	a miracle	a mystery, wonder	a suspicion	an extravagance	curiosity	strangeness																				
不思議	verb	to doubt, question																									
不思議	name	a female given name																									
拒否	noun	refusal																									
拒否	verb	to refuse, to reject, to deny																									
食べ物	noun	a specific food	food in general; provisions	one's diet, what one eats																							
指	noun	a finger	a finger (including thumb)																								
幽霊	noun	a ghost, a phantom																									
勝	character	かつ, かち	まさる																								
勝	noun	win, victory																									
勝	counter	wins, victories																									
勝	name	a male given name																									
流す	verb	to cancel	to exert influence over someone's immediate actions	to flow	to flush (something) down the toilet	to play (music)	to release																				
遺伝	noun	genetic; genetics																									
遺伝	verb	to be genetically inherited	to be passed down	to pass down																							
すら	particle	even																									
歩	noun	a figurative step: progress, progression	a foot soldier (piece that can move one space forward), erroneously called as the equivalent of the pawn in Western chess	a literal (foot)step: walk, walking	a percentage on interest; compare English commission	a traditional unit of measurement:	by extension of 分 (bu, literally “one-tenth”):	for land area, equal to 6 square 尺 (shaku) or 3.306 square metres	for length, also equal to 6 尺 (shaku) or approximately 1.8 metres	the lending and borrowing of interest itself																	
歩	affix	advancement, progression	percentage, proportion, ratio	step, walk																							
歩	counter	steps, footsteps																									
歩	suffix	in measuring 町 (chō, “block”), 段 (tan, “300 bu/tsubo”), etc., indicates no decimal points added; compare English even, precisely																									
歩	name	a female given name	a male or female given name																								
語る	verb	recite	show that there was something	talk about, tell, narrate																							
階段	noun	ladder, a series of steps to advancement to be followed in order	stairs, staircase																								
男の子	noun	a boy																									
救急	noun	emergency medical aid																									
基	character	base	be based on																								
基	noun	a group; a radical	alternative form of 元	foundation	reason																						
基	name	a male given name	a surname																								
基	affix	a group; a radical	foundation; base; basis																								
基	counter	counter for grounded things (e.g. pyramids, electric power plants, wells, toro (Japanese traditional lantern), tombs)	counter for wooden grave tablets (卒塔婆 (sotoba))																								
英語	noun	the English language																									
国家	noun	nation; state																									
クレア	name	Clare (a county of Ireland)	a transliteration of the French female given name Claire																								
疑問	noun	a doubt or suspicion about whether something is real or true	a question (implies a doubt about something)																								
疑問	verb	to ask (implies a doubt about something)	to doubt or suspect that something might not be real or true																								
たがる	suffix	seem to want to																									
噛む	verb	to bite	to chew	to fumble one's words; to mispronounce																							
細胞	noun	a cell																									
故郷	noun	a hometown, homeland	alternative spelling of 国 (kuni): one's hometown or birthplace																								
エネルギー	noun	energy																									
ゾーイ																											
動ける																											
ﾘ																											
フレンド	noun	friend																									
確実	adj	certain, reliable	inevitable, necessary																								
確実	noun	certainty, reliability	inevitability, necessity	soundness																							
仕業	noun	act, action, deed, work																									
血液	noun	blood																									
少佐	noun	a lieutenant commander	a major																								
空港	noun	airport																									
例えば	adv	for example, exempli gratia, for instance, such as																									
マイケル	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Michael																									
操作	noun	maneuver, operate																									
操作	verb	to operate (machinery)																									
放射	noun	radiation; emission																									
放射	verb	to emit; to radiate																									
ワン	noun	WAN (wide area network)	Woof, bark, the sound made by a dog.	one																							
魚	noun	a fish	short for 魚鱗 (gyorin): fish scales																								
魚	affix	fish	fishlike																								
設計	noun	design	plan																								
設計	verb	to draw up plans for, to design	to plan out, to lay out a plan																								
キャンプ	noun	a camp (outdoor place)	camping																								
キャンプ	verb	to camp (to set up a camp)																									
埋める	verb	cover, submerge	to bury	to fill up																							
借り	noun	borrower, debtor: short for 借方(かりかた) (karikata)	borrowing, a debt, a loan (for the borrower, not the lender)	in the Edo period, a system for arranging house calls by prostitutes																							
連邦	noun	a federal state; a federation																									
親切	adj	kind, helpful, friendly, obliging																									
親切	noun	kindness, helpfulness, friendliness																									
コントロール	noun	a controller (an electronic or mechanical device to control a device or system)	an experimental control; a member of a control group	ball control (the ability to throw or otherwise use a ball precisely)	control, management, regulation (of a process, condition, etc.)	security policy, data control measures																					
コントロール	verb	to control (something), manage																									
内部	noun	interior, the inside, the internal part																									
変化	noun	a step to one side during the tachiai, the initial charge at the start of a sumo match; a sidestep	change in society, climate, or condition, transformation, variety	declension	goblin, ghost; an apparition	instantaneous transformation (eg. from a human into a monster)	variation																				
変化	verb	to change, to vary	to transform																								
態々																											
備える	verb	to furnish	to prepare																								
覚悟	noun	abandonment	resolution; mental readiness																								
覚悟	verb	to prepare oneself; to be mentally ready																									
味	adj	clever, smart, witty	mysterious, strange																								
味	noun	a flavour (UK)/flavor (US), taste	aji, the ‘flavour’ or lingering possibilities of a position	bad aji, a lingering weakness in a position	charm	experience, taste	feeling, sensation																				
味	affix	alternative spelling of 身 (mi): body part	flavor, taste	taste, savor	tasting, savoring																						
味	counter	counter for kinds of food, drink, medicine, etc.																									
組む	verb	build (out of poles, strings, or similar); put up	collaborate (with someone); conspire (with); partner (with); unite (with)	grapple (with someone); wrestle (with); fight (with)	intertwine (strings and similar); cross (one's arms or legs); braid (hair)	put together; organize (parts into a whole); compose; put (e.g. soldiers) into a formation; compile (a list or timetable); write (a computer program)																					
閉ずる																											
大する																											
ボール	noun	ball (formal dance event)	ball (pitch that falls outside the strike zone)	ball (sphere)	bowl	short for ボール紙 (bōru-gami): non-corrugated cardboard, pasteboard	short for 段ボール (danbōru): corrugated cardboard																				
最低	adj	lowest	worst																								
最低	noun	the minimum; the lowest	the worst; the most terrible																								
パートナー	noun	business partner	partner	partner, someone who is associated with another in a common activity or interest	spouse																						
修理	noun	a repair																									
修理	verb	mend, fix, repair																									
援護	noun	covering; protection; backing; relief																									
援護	verb	to cover for someone; to provide backup																									
ビリー	name	Billy																									
とい																											
記事	noun	a private history, as opposed to the 正史 (seishi, “official history”)	an article, a written news story, such as in a newspaper or magazine or on a website	in the Nara period, an official under the 按察使 (azechi, “regional administration authority”)																							
具合	noun	alternative form of 具合 (guai)	bodily condition, health	the state of something, especially how something is going or how well it is doing																							
政治	noun	politics																									
政治	name	a male given name																									
メキシコ	name	Mexico (a census-designated place in Jefferson Township, Miami County, Indiana, United States)	Mexico (a city, the county seat of Audrain County, Missouri, United States)	Mexico (a country in North America)	Mexico (a former unincorporated community in Hunt County, Texas, United States)	Mexico (a town and village in Oswego County, New York, United States)	Mexico (a town in Oxford County, Maine, United States)	Mexico (an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Walker Township, Juniata County, Pennsylvania, United States)	Mexico (an unincorporated community in Allegany County, Maryland, United States)	Mexico (an unincorporated community in Carroll County, Maryland, United States)	Mexico (an unincorporated community in Crittenden County, Kentucky, United States)	Mexico (an unincorporated community in Montour County, Pennsylvania, United States)	Mexico (an unincorporated community in Tymochtee Township, Wyandot County, Maryland, United States)	alternative form of メヒコ (Mehiko, “Mexico”) (Mexican state)													
びっくり	adv	startledly, surprisedly, astonishedly																									
びっくり	verb	to be surprised, to be startled, to be frightened, to be astonished																									
親友	noun	close friend, bosom buddy	crony, chum																								
のみ	particle	only, limited to																									
のみ	adv	alone	merely																								
のみ	noun	drinking																									
のみ	verb	stem or continuative form of のむ (nomu)																									
ライト	noun	a light, a lamp	a right (to do something), synonym of 権利 (kenri)	light, illumination	light, not dark (as of a color, as in light blue)	light, not heavy (as of a physical thing, as in lightweight)	light, simple, not complicated (as in light opera or light reading)	synonym of 右翼 (uyoku, “right field”)	synonym of 右翼手 (uyokushu, “right fielder”)	the conservative side of an issue, or a person with conservative views, synonym of 右派 (uha, “right wing”)	the right-hand side																
ライト	adj	light (casual)																									
責める	verb	to blame	to pester, to press someone to do something	to scold	to torment																						
燃える	verb	to burn	to get fired up																								
非	prefix	negative prefix: in-, non-, un-																									
非	noun	evil, wrong, wrongdoing																									
癌	character	cancer																									
癌	noun	cancer																									
ウイル																											
神父	noun	a father, a priest																									
クイン																											
結ぶ	verb	to be bound (by love, friendship, etc.)	to conclude, to end	to connect	to enter a contract, to form an alliance	to tie (a string, rope, sash, etc.)	to wrap up, to wind up																				
団	character	group, association																									
団	name	a surname																									
団	suffix	group, team, gang																									
罠	noun	a trap, a snare	a trick, a prank																								
罠	particle	Equivalent to わ (wa, “emphatic particle”) + な (na, “emotive/emphatic particle”)																									
裏切る	verb	to betray, to sell someone out, to turn traitor, to double-cross	to disappoint																								
シールド	noun	shield	shielded cable																								
バーニー																											
着陸	noun	landing																									
着陸	verb	to land																									
ガン	noun	gun, a very portable, short weapon, for hand use	thud, the sound of something being hit																								
ガン	prefix	(before a verbal noun) Used to intensify a verb.																									
婦	character	lady	woman																								
開発	noun	development or creation of new technology, drugs, or products	development or cultivation of talent or ability	development or exploitation of natural resources etc.																							
開発	verb	to cultivate talent or ability	to develop or create new products or fields	to develop or exploit resources																							
保険	noun	fail-safe	insurance																								
手伝い	noun	help	helper																								
売り	noun	sell order	selling	selling point																							
売り	verb	stem or continuative form of 売る (uru)																									
ターゲット	noun	a target group of customers, a targeted market	target																								
慎重	adj	the way in which one is careful, thoughtful; prudent, discreet																									
慎重	noun	the quality in which one is careful, thoughtful; prudence, discretion																									
優先	noun	priority																									
優先	verb	take priority																									
きみ																											
死者	noun	a dead person, the dead																									
泥棒	noun	theft	thief																								
泥棒	verb	to thieve, to steal																									
正気	noun	a supernatural force believed to make everything natural or normal	conscience; sense of justice	immunity or the body's ability to heal	sanity; reason																						
手術	noun	an operation; surgery (procedure involving major incisions)																									
手術	verb	to operate on; to perform surgery on																									
ウエスト	noun	waist	waist size																								
妊娠	noun	a Nintendo fanboy, Nintendrone	pregnancy, conception																								
妊娠	verb	conceive (to become pregnant)																									
苦しむ	verb	suffer, struggle with, be tormented by																									
とんでも																											
ベルト	noun	A belt (clothing)																									
奇跡	noun	miracle																									
サービス	noun	giving away something or doing something for free, as a gift or free service for someone	maintenance	service																							
あらゆる	adnominal	every; all																									
関連	noun	relation																									
関連	verb	to be related																									
バンド	noun	band (clothing accessory)	band (group of musicians)	band (type of broadcast frequency)																							
民	character	nation, peoples																									
民	affix	citizen																									
民	suffix	regular of a certain social website or website section																									
自ら	adv	personally, by or for oneself																									
自ら	noun	oneself																									
自ら	pron	first-person pronoun: I, me																									
ステキ																											
逃がす	verb	to fail to catch; to miss; to let get away	to let go; to set free																								
天	character	heavens, sky																									
天	noun	a deva or devi	a shelf or shelves above the stove	heaven	the area above a kitchen stove:	the gods, providence, fate	the roof of a palace	the sky, the heavens	the top margin	where the smoke collects in an old kitchen using a wood-burning stove																	
天	affix	heaven	short for 天ぷら (tenpura)	the sky, the heavens																							
ルイス	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Lewis	a transliteration of the English male given name Louis	a transliteration of the Spanish male given name Luis																							
人質	noun	a hostage	indentureship, the state of being in servitude to another as collateral on or payment of a debt																								
憶える																											
楽	character	comfort, enjoyment	ease, simplicity	final day of a performance	music																						
楽	adj	comfortable, enjoying	easy, simple	rich, wealthy	uncomplicated																						
楽	noun	comfort, ease, enjoyment	ease, simplicity	short for 千秋楽 (senshūraku): the end of a performance; a finale; the last or end of something	short for 楽焼き (Raku-yaki): rakuware	short for 雅楽 (gagaku): ancient-medieval Japanese court music, imported from the Chinese yayue	short for 音楽 (ongaku): music																				
楽	name	a female given name	a surname	a unisex given name																							
退屈	adj	boring; dull	tedious																								
退屈	noun	boredom, dreariness	tediousness, monotony																								
退屈	verb	be bored																									
本部	noun	headquarters																									
本部	name	a surname																									
掃除	noun	cleaning; sweeping up																									
掃除	verb	clean; sweep up; tidy up																									
トーマス	name	Thomas (given name)																									
防衛	noun	defense, self-defense	protection																								
防衛	verb	to defend																									
椅子	noun	a post, position (in an office)	a seat (piece of furniture)																								
型	character	mold, pattern	type, model, style																								
型	noun	a convention, a standardized form or style	a mold, a pattern, a template	a particular style of stage movement or choreography	a style, a type	kata (choreographed training exercises)	screen size (of a television, computer monitor, etc.) in inches																				
型	suffix	shape, pattern, likeness	type																								
午後	noun	afternoon, PM																									
倒れる	verb	fall, collapse	go bankrupt	斃れる, 敝れる: to die																							
色んな	adnominal	synonym of 色々な (iroiro na): various																									
雨	noun	The willow or rain suit in a hanafuda deck, representing the month of November and the number eleven in most of Japan (June and six in 虫花 (mushibana) decks, February and two in games from the Nagoya region, and December and twelve in Korea)	a rainy weather	combining form of 雨 (ame, “rain”)	rain, rainfall	something falling like rain																					
雨	affix	favor, blessing	rain	something falling like rain																							
迷う	verb	be blinded (by emotion), be lost (to something), be carried away, be captivated	be confused	be lost, lose one's way	waver, hesitate, be unable to decide																						
撮影	noun	filming, photographing																									
撮影	verb	to shoot (a film), to photograph																									
踊る	verb	to act in accordance with someone else's plans (see 踊らす)	to dance																								
辺り	noun	area	surroundings																								
背	character	back, stature																									
背	noun	height	one's back (part of the human body)	one's height	the rear of something, the area behind																						
牛	character	cow, ox, cattle																									
牛	noun	Ox	beef	cow, bull, ox, cattle	cow, bull, ox, cattle, a domestic bovine																						
オリバー																											
知識	noun	knowledge																									
クソ野郎																											
ハリー	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Harry																									
機関	noun	body organ	engine, machine	facility	organization, institute, agency, authority, establishment																						
呼び出し	noun	a call, such as of a function or method	a ring attendant at a sumo match who announces competitors’ names and tends the dohyo between bouts	a summons	an invocation or summons, as of a magic spell or of a spirit																						
カール	noun	a curl																									
カール	verb	to curl																									
謎	character	enigma	hint	puzzle	riddle	tip																					
説得	noun	persuasion																									
説得	verb	persuade																									
加える	verb	add, sum up	include, count in	increase	inflict, do harm																						
甘い	adj	careless, lacking, lax	fragrant (of odor), melodious (of sound)	indulgent, soft	lacking saltiness	sweet, sugary, mellow																					
ケース	noun	a case, as a container for something	a case, as an instance, event, situation	grammatical case																							
ジョニー																											
注目	noun	attention, notice																									
注目	verb	to notice; to take notice																									
立場	noun	position																									
枚	noun	thin and flat object																									
枚	counter	counter for flat and thin objects, such as sheets																									
暗殺	noun	assassination																									
暗殺	verb	to assassinate																									
〞																											
タバコ	noun	short for 紙巻きタバコ (kamimaki tabako, “cigarette”)	tobacco																								
アパート	noun	apartment	apartment building, apartment block																								
新聞	noun	news	newspaper																								
大勢	adv	in a crowd, as a crowd																									
大勢	noun	a crowd, a large number of people	a major authority, influence, or power	a major swing or trend in prices lasting at least half the year	the general trend or situation, the zeitgeist, the current of the times																						
過ぎ	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 過ぎる (sugiru)																									
過ぎ	noun	in/to excess, overdoing something	past, after	too, too much																							
過ぎ	suffix	after, past	over-, too much																								
単純	adj	simple																									
単純	noun	free	pure	simple																							
健康	adj	healthy, fit																									
健康	noun	health																									
パン	noun	a pan (flat vessel used for cooking)	a pan shot (a film shot where the camera is turned horizontally)	bread, pastries, any baked good with a crust (a type of food)																							
パン	verb	to pan (to turn a camera horizontally)																									
パン	name	Pan																									
宝石	noun	gemstone																									
ラボ	noun	clipping of ラボラトリー (raboratorī, “laboratory”): lab																									
雄基																											
解く	verb	to comb; to untangle (hair)	to dispel (doubts); to clear up (a matter)	to solve (a problem); to answer (a question); to unravel (a riddle)	to untie	to untie; to unravel; to undo (a fastening); unwrap																					
揃う	verb	be all together in one place	for all parts of a set to be all present, complete	match, be in agreement																							
プール	noun	a swimming pool, a pool	pool, a game at billiards																								
プール	verb	pool, put together																									
挑戦	noun	challenge (against authority or a higher-ranked person)	try at something																								
挑戦	verb	to challenge	to take on the challenge of doing something (especially something one has not done before); to try; to try one's hand at																								
完成	noun	completion, accomplishment																									
完成	verb	complete																									
数える	verb	to count																									
０																											
状	character	appearance	condition	form	letter																						
状	suffix	being in such condition	having such form or appearance	letter, card, written notice																							
ぇ	combining_form	Small combining form of hiragana え (e) used to explicitly specify the vowel part of the previous hiragana character, or to show a speaker's pronunciation or extension of that vowel.																									
限る	verb	be limited to, be restricted to	to limit, to restrict																								
有える																											
下げる	verb	to lower																									
カイル																											
じっと	adv	凝と, 凝乎と, 凝然と, 不動と, 静止: motionlessly	凝と: patiently	熟と: (stare) hard, (look) intently																							
ハニー	noun	honey (food)	honey (term of endearment)																								
燃料	noun	fuel																									
波	noun	a wave																									
波	name	a female given name	short for ポーランド (Pōrando): Poland																								
波	affix	wave																									
ポール	noun	a pole extending from the roof of an electric bus or trolley, connecting to the overhead power line	a pole:	a poll	a power pole	a staff or stick	a surveying pole, a ranging rod, traditionally round with alternating white and black bands	an electric or magnetic pole	an imperial and US unit of area: the square rod or square perch	an imperial and US unit of length: the rod, pole, or perch																	
ポール	name	Port (from French)	a transliteration of the Dutch male given name Pol	a transliteration of the Dutch surname Poel	a transliteration of the English or French male given name Paul	a transliteration of the English surname Pall	a transliteration of the English surname Pole	a transliteration of the French female given name Paule	a transliteration of the German surname Pohl																		
駅	noun	a government-run post-station where officials could get horses, food, lodging	station (train, underground/subway)																								
ドレス	noun	dress																									
庫	character	warehouse																									
トニー	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Tony																									
ブラッド																											
込める	verb	to do with all of one's heart, to enthusiastically	to include, to put into	to load a weapon																							
外れる	verb	to be disconnected, to get out of place, to be off, to be out (e.g. of gear)	to be in violation, to be against the law, rules, etc.	to be wrong, to miss, to fail to reach the intended target, desired outcome, or expected result	to leave, to be outside of																						
命ずる	verb	appoint	command	name, give a name																							
屋根	noun	roof																									
市	noun	a market, a marketplace	a place where a lot of people gather	a town, a city																							
市	suffix	city																									
レディー	noun	alternative form of レディ (redi)																									
アイツ																											
24																											
閉鎖	noun	closing, closing down, lockout	closure of a gate etc.																								
閉鎖	verb	to close an entrance	to close down a facility, company, etc.																								
ボーン	noun	boing	bone	bong	kaboom																						
婆	noun	Old Maid	a complaint, grumbling	an elderly woman, old woman																							
婆	affix	Used in Sanskrit transliterations	old woman, crone																								
紙	character	paper																									
紙	noun	paper																									
紙	affix	newspaper	paper																								
巡査	noun	police officer (lowest police rank)																									
列車	noun	train																									
参る	verb	a 脇付 (wakizuke, “respectful title written after an addressee's name”) on the side of a formal letter	to be bothered, overwhelmed, done in by circumstances	to be overcome, to cede to a superior person or superior circumstances (by extension from the older "go to a superior" sense)	to come	to die	to fall for someone romantically	to go	to go to	to lose to an opponent	to serve someone in some capacity, to do something for someone	to visit (typically a place of social or spiritual importance, such as a noble's house or a shrine)															
アラン	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Alan or Allan	a transliteration of the French male given name Alain																								
恥ずかしい	adj	ashamed	embarrassed, embarrassing	shy																							
条件	noun	condition	terms or conditions of an agreement in general	terms, conditions, or requirements, as of a treaty or contract																							
出血	noun	hemorrhage, bleeding	loss in business etc.																								
出血	verb	to hemorrhage, to bleed	to take a loss																								
苦労	noun	toil, hardship	worry, anxiety																								
苦労	adj	toilsome, painstaking	worrisome																								
苦労	verb	to toil, to work hard	to worry																								
ワシントン	name	Washington, Washington State (a state in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States)	short for ワシントンD.C. (Washinton Dīshī): Washington, Washington, D.C. (the capital city of the United States)																								
ヘリ	noun	clipping of ヘリコプター (“helicopter”): chopper																									
クール	adj	cool (colloquial: being considered as "popular" by others)	cool (colloquial: in fashion)	cool (having a slightly low temperature)	cool (not showing emotion, calm)																						
クール	noun	a 13-week unit of television broadcasting																									
間違える	verb	to confuse, to mistake something for something else	to make a mistake; to make an error (i.e. in calculation)																								
飛ばす	verb	to let fly; to send flying; to throw	to send a user to a webpage	to skip (to omit from a continuation)	to speed up (of car)																						
速度	noun	speed; velocity	velocity																								
売春	noun	prostitution																									
売春	verb	to prostitute oneself																									
医師	noun	doctor																									
シャツ	noun	a shirt	an undershirt, a vest																								
文字	noun	a coin, money	a document	a letter or character (symbol for a sound or a word)	a letter, a character (symbol for a sound or a word)	a written mora, a kana	reading and writing	script, writing system	studies	the tails side of a coin, the side with writing on it	writing in general, written words																
３０																											
18																											
守れる																											
地元	noun	home town	of a location; being local																								
地域	noun	area, district, particular geographic region																									
医療	noun	medical treatment																									
厄介	adj	burdensome, troublesome	dependent	inconvenient																							
厄介	noun	inconvenience	trouble, burden																								
低い	adj	low	low in pitch	short (height)																							
始まり	noun	beginning, start	birth	origin																							
警報	noun	alarm, alert, warning																									
チャールズ	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Charles																									
ルーム	noun	room (section of a building contained by walls)																									
金持ち	noun	wealthy person																									
吐く	verb	belch, emit	confess	speak, utter	spew, spit out, to breathe in or out	to breathe	to say (something bad)	to vomit	vomit, throw up																		
コート	noun	coat	coating (covering of material, paint)	court																							
茶	character	tea																									
茶	noun	brown	synonym of 茶の木 (cha no ki, “tea plant, Camellia sinensis”)	tea																							
デビッド	name	a transliteration of the English male given name David																									
選手	noun	player, at variety of sports, or games.																									
エディ																											
医	noun	doctor; physician; medicine																									
医	affix	doctor	medicine, the healing arts																								
主張	noun	opinion, assertion, contention																									
主張	verb	maintain, argue, claim																									
台無																											
決断	noun	decision																									
決断	verb	resolve, make a decision																									
コール	noun	call, the act of calling out	coal	phone call																							
コール	name	a transliteration of the English surname Cole	a transliteration of the German surname Kohl																								
接近	noun	getting closer, approaching																									
接近	verb	to get close, to approach																									
虫	character	generic name for animals	insect, bug																								
虫	noun	a bug, insect, worm	a male lover	a serpent, snake	a temperament (thought which is in the deep in mind)	a worm (despicable person)	a worm (person living for only one thing)																				
%																											
資金	noun	a fund, funds, capital																									
メンバー	noun	member in object-oriented programming	member, a person who is in a group	participant, attendee at an event	suspect in a crime																						
逃す	verb	to let escape, let loose, set free	to miss (an opportunity)																								
救出	noun	rescue																									
救出	verb	to rescue																									
リード	noun	leading	leash (e.g. on a dog)	lede	reed (in a musical instrument)	the lead (dance partner)																					
リード	name	Read	Reade	Reed	Reid																						
リード	verb	to lead (have the highest score, be in first place)	to take the lead																								
ゲート	noun	boarding gate	gate (door-like structure outside)	gate (part of a transistor, logical pathway, electrical circuit)																							
怖がる	verb	to fear; to be afraid; to be scared (mostly used with the third person)																									
署	character	government office	police station	signature																							
ショット	noun	shot (by a camera)	shot (from a firearm)	shot (in sports)	shot (of alcohol)																						
ジュリアン																											
やあ	intj	hi (informal greeting)																									
我ら	pron	I; me	we; us	you																							
送信	noun	transmission																									
送信	verb	to transmit																									
モンスター	noun	synonym of 怪物 (kaibutsu, “monster”)																									
尉	character	jailer	military officer	old man	rank																						
尉	affix	A military rank.	a watchman or military officer in the ancient Chinese military																								
騎士	noun	knight (warrior, especially of the Middle Ages)																									
見事	adj	(by extension from the spectacle sense) spectacular, splendid, magnificent, wonderful	skillful, excellent, ingenious, clever	spectacular, splendid, magnificent, wonderful	total, complete																						
見事	adv	cleverly, excellently, skillfully, spectacularly	completely	excellently, skillfully, spectacularly																							
見事	noun	something that should be looked at, something worthy of looking at, a spectacle, a sight, a magnificent deed																									
操る	verb	to control, to manage, to handle, to operate	to manipulate, to trick																								
創造	noun	Creation: all of existence as created by one or more deities	creation: the making of things																								
創造	verb	to create																									
*																											
糞	noun	droppings, dung	feces, excrement	poopoo, poop, dookie	shit, crap, garbage, trash	something unclean																					
糞	intj	shit, crap																									
糞	prefix	pejorative prefix																									
糞	suffix	crappy, for shit: a derogatory emphasizing suffix.																									
手配	noun	arrangements	search for a criminal																								
手配	verb	prepare	search																								
目覚め																											
汚い	adj	dirty	illegible	mean, unfair	untidy, messy																						
取り																											
扱い	noun	handling																									
ブルー	adj	blue (color)	blue (sad, depressed)																								
ブルー	noun	blue (color)																									
社長	noun	president; CEO; executive director																									
道路	noun	road, street, a way for local traffic																									
不安	adj	anxious, uneasy	insecure																								
不安	noun	anxiety; uneasiness	unrest																								
要請	noun	an official request (of something that has to be done)																									
要請	verb	to request officially for something or to do something that has to be done																									
ライ	noun	lie; the position of a ball before it is hit																									
覗	character	peek																									
ポップ	adj	pop, popular (aimed at the general public)																									
ポップ	noun	being popular	popping (removing (a data item) from the top of a stack)	the genre of pop music																							
ポップ	verb	to pop (remove (a data item) from the top of a stack)																									
同僚	noun	colleague, coworker who works at the same working place, especially same rank of title																									
１２																											
自動	noun	automatic movement, automatic functioning	intransitive verb (abbreviation of 自動詞)																								
貴様	pron	you, you SOB, you bastard																									
矢論																											
系	suffix	type, kind, system, family																									
ベルリン	name	Berlin (a state of Germany, containing the capital city)	Berlin (the capital and largest city of Germany)																								
鬼	noun	"it" in a game of tag/hide and seek (鬼ごっこ onigokko, "pretend spirits")	evil spirit, demon, ogre	ghost	someone of remarkable or diabolical energy or ability, a demon																						
鬼	name	the Ghost constellation, one of the Twenty-Eight Mansions																									
機密	noun	a top secret, something confidential																									
ふざけ																											
鼠	character	mouse, rat, other similar rodent																									
鼠	noun	a mouse or a rat	a mouse, a rat	general term for members of superfamily Muroidea, including mice, rats, voles, hamsters, gerbils, and other similar rodents	short for 鼠色 (nezumi iro): the colour grey, sometimes more specifically a dark grey colour																						
背中	noun	one's back																									
強力	adj	strong; powerful																									
強力	noun	strength																									
舞台	noun	setting of a story	stage																								
セット	noun	a set																									
セット	verb	set, adjust the settings of a device such as an alarm clock																									
地上	noun	above ground	the earth, this world																								
テッド	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Ted																									
英国	name	synonym of イギリス: United Kingdom (a kingdom and country in Northern Europe)	synonym of イングランド: England (a constituent country of the United Kingdom)	synonym of ブリテン: Great Britain (a large island of the United Kingdom in Northern Europe)																							
ボブ	name	a transliteration of the English male given name diminutive Bob																									
小屋	noun	cottage, hut, cabin, shed	pen	playhouse																							
閣下	noun	Your Excellency; His Excellency; Her Excellency; Your Lordship; His Lordship; Your Ladyship; Her Ladyship; Your Grace; His Grace; Her Grace	down a noble's residential tower, looking up																								
クリア	adj	clear																									
クリア	verb	beat, clear (a game, or round in a game)	clear (data)																								
クリア	noun	ellipsis of クリアー塗装																									
ボーイ	noun	bellboy, (male) bellhop, porter, page	boy	waiter																							
始末	noun	beginning and end	details	disposal, throwaway	execution, liquidation (usually of a nuisance)	result (usually a bad one)	settlement, solution, handling																				
始末	verb	to conclude	to dispose, to throw away, to get rid of	to economize	to execute, to liquidate, to get rid of	to settle, to deal with																					
警戒	noun	caution	precaution																								
警戒	verb	to be vigilant; to watch out																									
発表	noun	announcement; publication; presentation																									
発表	verb	announce, present, publish, screen																									
アイリス																											
イーサン																											
重	noun	a division	something that divides two objects																								
重	suffix	the number of overlaps; fold, layer																									
重	prefix	great in degree, heavy, serious, severe, hard, difficult	heavy, weighty	involving large-scale manufacture, heavy																							
拷問	noun	torture (in order to make someone confess)																									
拷問	verb	to torture a person, to use torture																									
詰まる	verb	arrive at one’s destination, be at the end	be blocked	be packed, completely filled	be unable to do (something) well, be stuck	hit a pitched ball with the portion of the bat near where the batter grips it	pronounce with a geminate consonant	shorten, become shorter																			
交渉	noun	negotiations																									
交渉	verb	negotiate																									
自信	noun	self-confidence																									
承知	noun	consent, agreement	forgiveness	knowledge, understanding	permission																						
承知	verb	consent to, agree to	forgive	know, understand	permit																						
流石	adj	Used to describe actions.	Used to praise (or satirically criticize).	as one would expect																							
流石	adv	even so, nevertheless, with that said	even, as ... as it is																								
弾丸	noun	bullet																									
スピード	noun	a Speedo swimsuit	speed																								
中止	noun	cancellation	interruption, suspension, pause	stoppage, termination, discontinuation																							
中止	verb	to call off, to cancel	to interrupt, to suspend, to pause	to stop, to terminate, to discontinue																							
ルート	noun	a course, an itinerary of stops, as for a bus	a path or course for goods in a transaction	a path or course for information	a road or path, (often) a highway	a root (as in a square root)	a route	an etymological root	root note in a chord	storyline																	
イン	noun	inn	inside; interior; inner portion	racing line, inside line (the most optimal route to finish a race)	the back nine; the last nine holes of an 18-hole golf course																						
イン	verb	short for ログインする (roguin suru)	to enter (a listing)	to enter (in general)	to put something in	to tuck in (clothing)																					
出口	noun	exit; outlet																									
出口	name	a surname																									
わお																											
ケイレブ																											
ホワイト	adj	white																									
ホワイト	noun	the colour white																									
ホワイト	name	White																									
艦隊	noun	fleet of naval vessels, armada																									
ノア	name	Noah (biblical character)																									
果たす	verb	accomplish, perform, fulfill																									
随分	adv	extremely, considerably, very																									
探る	verb	enjoy the scenery	fumble for, feel around for	search, investigate																							
～																											
重い	adj	congested; having poor performance	heavy	large	sluggish; slow																						
〝																											
今後	noun	from now on																									
１５																											
注文	noun	a request for some product or service; order.	explanatory notes																								
注文	verb	to order, to place an order																									
隔離	noun	isolation, separation	segregation; quarantine of someone such as a sick person or of something such as a file infected with a virus																								
隔離	verb	box off, shut out, isolate	quarantine																								
狼	character	wolf																									
狼	noun	a wolf (animal)	short for 日本狼 (Nihon-ōkami, “Japanese wolf”)																								
普段	adj	everyday, informal, ordinary, usual case																									
彼氏	pron	he; him																									
彼氏	noun	a boyfriend (male partner in a romantic relationship)																									
人殺し	noun	a murderer	murder																								
切れ	noun	cloth	piece, bit, strip, slice	sharpness and briskness	sharpness, cutting quality																						
切れ	counter	strips or slices																									
切れ	suffix	expiration of, depletion of																									
共有	noun	sharing																									
共有	verb	to share																									
相談	noun	advice, counsel, consultation																									
相談	verb	to consult																									
白い	adj	white																									
優れる	verb	be good at (a thing); be superior to (a person)																									
罰	character	punish	punishment																								
罰	noun	a punishment; a penalty	loosely "what goes around comes around"; a mysterious force of divine retribution	punishment; a curse																							
此の世																											
失望	noun	despair	disappointment																								
失望	verb	be disappointed	lose hope																								
出来事	noun	incident, event																									
孤独	adj	lonely																									
孤独	noun	loneliness	solitude																								
現金	noun	cash																									
現金	adj	mercenary, calculating, self-serving																									
ジェイコブ																											
高	character	high	tall																								
高	noun	maximum, the limit																									
高	prefix	high, higher																									
鏡	noun	a mirror (smooth reflecting surface)	short for 鏡板 (kagami ita): the panel at the back of a noh stage that is painted with an image of an old pine tree	short for 鏡物 (kagamimono, “a history book with 鏡 (kagami) in the title”)	short for 鏡餅 (kagami mochi): a set of mochi rice cakes used in New Year celebrations	the barrelhead or lid of a sake barrel																					
鏡	name	a female given name	a placename	a surname																							
鏡	affix	mirror	pattern, model, example	speculum																							
門	noun	a clan, family, kin	a gate	a gate, portal	a phylum, division	a sect, school of thought	an entrance, gateway, opening	short for 門限 (mongen): a curfew																			
門	counter	counter for cannons or large guns																									
門	affix	Used in Sanskrit transliterations	clan, family, kin	doorway, exit and entrance	set of academic doctrines	teaching institution																					
門	name	a surname																									
公園	noun	park																									
悩む	verb	(attaches to the 連用形 (ren'yōkei, “continuative or stem form”) of another verb) to get stuck, to go sideways, to not go well	(in reaction to something not going as expected) to worry, to be bothered, to be emotionally distressed, to dwell on, to be vexed	to deal with a difficulty, to manage a challenge, to handle something	to make do, to manage to do	to suffer physically, to suffer physical distress; to fall ill, to get sick	to vex, to cause distress: see modern 悩(なや)める (nayameru)																				
国民	noun	Same as 国民 (kokumin) above.	nationals (citizens of a state)																								
詳細	adj	detailed																									
詳細	noun	details																									
ラニスター																											
是非	noun	right and wrong																									
是非	adv	certainly, without fail, by all means	please																								
こりゃ	pron	contraction of これは (kore wa): this (topic)																									
天国	noun	heaven																									
関心	noun	concern, interest																									
赤	character	red																									
赤	noun	a communist	communism, socialism	red (color)																							
赤	prefix	entirely																									
囚人	noun	a prisoner																									
ロード	noun	Lord (as an epithet or title)	a load	loading	road																						
ロード	verb	to load something on a computer																									
レベッカ	name	Rebecca																									
グラント	name	Grant																									
ギャング	noun	gang																									
締める	verb	to fasten	to kill (fish)	to rinse and chill (noodles) in cold water	to total; to sum																						
市場	noun	a market (geographical area where a commercial demand exists)	a market(place) (spacious site for trading)																								
使命	noun	mission, errand, message																									
指導	noun	guidance; leadership																									
指導	verb	to guide; to lead																									
操縦	noun	flying, piloting	management, handling																								
操縦	verb	fly, pilot	manage																								
都合	noun	circumstances; condition	convenience																								
都合	verb	to arrange; to manage																									
都合	adv	in total																									
ガード	noun	guard (person who or thing that protects something)	viaduct; overpass																								
野人	noun	a person from the countryside; a rustic	common person/people, non-politician; non-government person; civilian	rustic, country bumpkin; countryfolk	savage; barbarian; wild man; uncivilized human, ruffian; unrefined person	yeti; abominable snowman; legendary mountain-dwelling hominid																					
引き	noun	pull, patronage	pulling force																								
引き	prefix	used in compound verbs, as an intensifier																									
引き	suffix	discount off a price																									
保管	noun	custody	safekeeping, storage																								
保管	verb	have custody, have charge	keep, maintain, store																								
閉める	verb	to shut, to close																									
釈放	noun	someone's release or liberation																									
釈放	verb	to release or liberate, to let out or let go																									
非難	noun	accusation, criticism, blame																									
非難	verb	blame, criticize, deprecate, point fingers																									
ジョージ	name	a transliteration of the English male given name George																									
国境	noun	a national border or frontier (part of a country that fronts or faces another country or an unsettled region)	a national or provincial border or frontier																								
錚々																											
床	noun	a bed	a box seat, such as at a parade, theater, or stadium	a raised area of a stage where a presenter or musician sits	a raised area on which to sleep: a bed	a raised platform erected along the Kamo River in Kyōto in summer, used as an outdoor tea shop or restaurant	a raised platform roughly 30cm tall used in dirt-floored rooms as a seat	a sickbed	an alcove with a raised floor used as a study: see 付書院 (tsuke shoin)	short for 床屋 (tokoya): a barbershop, from how such shops were historically often tokomise	short for 床店 (tokomise): a stall with a raised floor used as a store	short for 床船梁 (toko funabari), 舵床 (kajidoko): the large wooden beam at the very aft of a traditional wood-hulled Japanese ship, upon which the rudder is seated	short for 床間 / 床の間 (toko no ma): an alcove with a raised floor along one wall of a traditional Japanese living room	short for 苗床 (naedoko): a seedbed	short for 鉄床, 金床 (kanatoko): an anvil	sickbed	tatami mats	the floor	the floor (the bottom surface of a room)	the heel of a plough; the part of the bottom of a plough that touches the ground and guides the ploughshare	the seat of an oxcart						
床	counter	beds																									
違法	adj	illegal																									
違法	noun	illegality																									
イギリス	name	United Kingdom (a kingdom and country in Northern Europe)	synonym of イングランド (Ingurando): England (a constituent country of the United Kingdom)	synonym of ブリテン (Buriten, “Britain”)																							
テーブル	noun	table (furniture)	table (grid of data)																								
特殊	adj	special, exceptional																									
特殊	noun	specialness, exceptionality																									
省	character	Chinese province	government ministry																								
省	noun	Chinese province	ministry, government department, office																								
省	prefix	-saving, conservation																									
省	suffix	ministry																									
ベル	noun	bell (a type of small noise-making device)	bell (sounding of a bell)	short for ポケットベル (poketto beru, “pager”)																							
ベル	name	Bell	Belle	Böll																							
14																											
熱	character	fever	heat	mania	passion	temperature																					
熱	noun	fever	heat																								
熱	suffix	passion; mania; fever (towards an activity or topic)																									
取得	noun	acquisition																									
取得	verb	acquire																									
神々	noun	gods																									
トラブル	noun	trouble																									
然も																											
袋	noun	a bag; a sack; a pouch	a segment in a fruit such as an orange	an organ whose form is like that of a bag																							
種類	noun	kind, sort, type; variety																									
休み	noun	a holiday	absence	intermission	rest (of a silkworm before moulting)	rest; a break																					
休み	verb	stem or continuative form of 休む (yasumu)																									
（理子																											
ど	syllable	The hiragana syllable ど (do). Its equivalent in katakana is ド (do).																									
ど	prefix	super-																									
ど	suffix	Attaches to the verb stem, specifically the stem form ending in -e for type 1 verbs. This verb stem is called the 仮定形 (kateikei, “hypothetical form”) in Modern Japanese, and the 已然形 (izenkei, “realis form”) in Classical Japanese. Used to express the contrasting hypothetical condition conjunction: even if, even when	Attaches to the verb stem, specifically the stem form ending in -e for type 1 verbs. This verb stem is called the 仮定形 (kateikei, “hypothetical form”) in Modern Japanese, and the 已然形 (izenkei, “realis form”) in Classical Japanese. Used to indicate something is the case irrespective of something else: even though, even as																								
天才	noun	genius																									
ブロック	noun	a blockage, something in the way	block	block, a hard, square object																							
ブロック	verb	block																									
工場	noun	factory; workshop; mill; plant																									
ローマ	name	Rome (a major city, the capital of Italy and the Italian region of Lazio, located on the Tiber River; the ancient capital of the Roman Empire)	Rome (a metropolitan city of Lazio, Italy)	Rome, Ancient Rome (an ancient empire based out of the city of Rome, covering vast territories in Europe, Asia and Africa; in full, Roman Empire)																							
輸送	noun	transportation																									
輸送	verb	to transport																									
貴重	adj	valuable, worthful, precious																									
貴重	noun	preciousness; being valuable																									
貴重	verb	to treasure, to cherish																									
ワシ																											
大量	adj	broad-minded	mass, massive																								
大量	noun	large amounts																									
アダム	name	Adam																									
指紋	noun	fingerprint																									
動かす	verb	to move (shift an object)	to move emotionally	to move, to influence	to run, to operate																						
帰り	noun	return																									
帰り	suffix	when returning from																									
帰り	verb	stem or continuative form of 帰る (kaeru)																									
ホール	noun	a hall	a hole	a hole, a cup	an auditorium	short for ダンスホール (dancehall, “dansuhōru”)																					
ホール	adv	entirely, wholly																									
プレゼント	noun	present, gift																									
プレゼント	verb	give a present																									
初	prefix	the first of something	the first..., initial..., new...																								
初	noun	a first, start	a first, start, a beginning	first sexual relations, one's first time																							
初	adj	inexperienced, green	innocent																								
初	affix	beginning, start	first, initial																								
初	name	a male given name																									
証	character	prove, verify	to admonish																								
証	noun	enlightenment	proof, evidence, testimony	proof, verification	symptoms																						
負傷	noun	an injury																									
負傷	verb	be injured																									
炎	noun	a flame	an intense emotion, passion																								
炎	suffix	-itis, inflammation of...																									
炎	affix	burning	firehot, red-hot	flame, blaze	passion, emotion																						
救世																											
レイナ																											
放する																											
生かす	verb	to bring to life, to revive, to resuscitate	to let live, to spare (one's life)	to make full use of (something), to capitalise on, to leverage (skills and etc)																							
議論	noun	debate	discussion	dispute, argument																							
議論	verb	discuss	to argue, to dispute	to debate																							
返事	noun	answer	reply, response																								
返事	verb	give an answer	to reply, respond																								
殿	character	lord, noble	palace, hall, temple																								
殿	suffix	Mr., Ms., a more formal title than さん (-san) but not so respectful as 様(さま) (-sama)	honorific used after a Buddhist name																								
殿	noun	a feudal lord	palace, mansion, castle, lofty building	rear	rear (the part of an army or fleet which comes last)																						
殿	affix	mansion	rear																								
ハッキング	noun	hacking																									
ハッキング	verb	to hack																									
ハン																											
量	noun	pramana	progress	volume, amount																							
本の	adnominal	little, slightly, mere, only																									
角	noun	A bishop (shogi). Abbreviation of 角行.	a corner (e.g., of a desk; compare 隅)	a street corner	an edge	angle	cape, headland, point	horn, antler																			
角	name	a surname																									
驚き	noun	surprise; astonishment; shock																									
驚き	verb	stem or continuative form of 驚く (odoroku)																									
遂げる	verb	accomplish																									
無実	adj	false, untrue	innocent																								
無実	noun	falsehood	innocence																								
祖父	noun	a grandfather																									
市長	noun	a mayor																									
美術	noun	fine arts																									
ボタン	noun	a button (clothing)	a button (mechanical device)																								
ローラ																											
燃やす	verb	to burn (something)																									
ダニエル	name	Daniel																									
いらっしゃる	verb	to be	to come	to go																							
																											
終える	verb	to end (something), to conclude (something), to finish (something), to quit (something)																									
40																											
負う	verb	to assume or take a responsibility	to be in a debt of gratitude	to bear, to carry on one's back	to suffer an injury																						
進行	noun	an advance; progress																									
進行	verb	make progress																									
最早	adv	now; already; (with negative verbs) no longer																									
ナニ	noun	penis																									
タンディ																											
尋問	noun	cross examination	questioning, interrogation																								
尋問	verb	to cross examine	to question, to interrogate																								
マリア	name	Mary																									
週末	noun	weekend																									
程度	noun	about, approximately	degree, extent	level, standard																							
危機	noun	crisis, pinch																									
尊敬	noun	respect, reverence, honor																									
尊敬	verb	to respect, to revere, to honor																									
駐車	noun	parking, especially of cars																									
駐車	verb	to park																									
抱く	verb	to embrace, hug, hold in one's arms	to hold something in mind, to harbor some feeling about, to entertain a thought about	to hug, embrace	to involve someone in one's own actions or thoughts, particularly in negative contexts	to sit on eggs, to brood on a nest (said of a bird)	to sleep with someone	to take a gigolo as a lover (said of a woman working in a brothel as support staff)																			
防ぐ	verb	defend (against); prevent (something)																									
13																											
最善	noun	the best																									
底	noun	base of a logarithm	the bottom																								
義務	noun	duty, obligation																									
演奏	noun	a performance (of music); a recital																									
演奏	verb	to perform (a piece of music)	to play (an instrument)																								
上司	noun	boss																									
笑顔	noun	smile, happy face, smiling face																									
カリフォルニア	name	California (a state of the United States)																									
忠誠	noun	loyalty																									
冷静	adj	calm, composed																									
冷静	noun	calmness, composure																									
除く																											
面	character	face	features	mask	surface																						
面	noun	face	mask	page	side of a record or CD	surface																					
面	suffix	-looking																									
食く																											
告白	noun	confession	declaration of love, a confession of one's feelings toward someone																								
告白	verb	to confess	to profess one's love, to confess one's feelings to someone																								
熱い	adj	ardent, enthusiastic, impassionate	hot (of an object or feeling)	hot, feverish	passionate (of love between a couple)																						
合衆																											
広い																											
学生	noun	a student (usually of a university, sometimes of a high school)																									
雲笹																											
ジェイソン	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Jason																									
アディ																											
七	character	seven	seven times	seventh																							
七	num	seven, 7																									
七	noun	a gambler	a seven																								
七	name	a surname																									
源	noun	a fountainhead (source of a river)	a source, origin																								
源	name	a surname, especially those who are descendants of Emperor Saga																									
源	affix	fountainhead	short for 源氏 (Genji): Minamoto clan	source, origin																							
試験	noun	examination, exam, test	quiz																								
試験	verb	to examine	to test																								
否定	noun	denial, negation																									
否定	verb	to deny, negate																									
虎	character	tiger																									
虎	noun	tiger, Panthera tigris																									
虎	intj	clipping of 突撃雷撃 (totsugeki raigeki, “lightning attack”), used by Japanese soldiers to warn about an imminent attack																									
α																											
支持	noun	support																									
支持	verb	support																									
巨人	noun	a giant:	a human of very great size, titan	a person of extraordinary strength or power, bodily or intellectual	a very tall person																						
巨人	name	synonym of 読売ジャイアンツ (Yomiuri Jaiantsu): the Yomiuri Giants																									
閣	character	palace	tall building	tower																							
断る	verb	to announce in advance, especially to ask for permission	to refuse, to reject, to turn down																								
認識	noun	recognition	recognition, awareness	understanding																							
認識	verb	to recognize something	to recognize something, to be aware of something	to understand something																							
同時	noun	simultaneity, concurrency, happening at the same time, synchronicity	the same age; the same period																								
ポイント	noun	a point (unit of size)	point (unit of scoring)	point, especially a key point in an explanation	points, switch, shunt																						
金庫	noun	a safe																									
全力	noun	utmost, full power																									
減る	verb	To be reduced or decrease in size or quantity; to become fewer																									
クラス	noun	class	class (group of students in a regularly scheduled meeting with a teacher)	class of things (typically products) sharing certain features																							
サイト	noun	sight	site	website																							
潜入	noun	infiltration																									
潜入	verb	to infiltrate																									
狩り	verb	stem or continuative form of 狩る (karu)																									
記念	noun	memorial																									
記念	verb	commemorate, celebrate, mark																									
叔母	noun	a prostitute	aunt (younger than one’s parent)	prison guard																							
グリム																											
アリス	name	a transliteration of the English female given name Alice																									
離婚	noun	divorce																									
離婚	verb	get a divorce																									
嫉妬	noun	envy	jealousy																								
嫉妬	verb	feel envious	feel jealous																								
見捨てる	verb	to abandon, to desert	to fail																								
無人	adj	Same as above.	shorthanded, lack of help	uninhabited, unmanned																							
無人	noun	Same as above.	being shorthanded	being uninhabited																							
不足	adj	insufficient	unsatisfactory																								
不足	noun	dissatisfaction	insufficiency, shortage, deficiency, lack																								
不足	verb	to give out, to run short																									
正当	adj	right, legitimate, allowable																									
正当	noun	legality, justness																									
遅れ	noun	delay, postponement, lag	loss, failure, inferiority compared to something else	something later, after, or behind	uncertainty, nervousness, indecision																						
権限	noun	authority, jurisdiction																									
申す	verb	Same as もうす (mōsu) above	attaches to 連用形 (ren'yōkei, “stem form”) of a verb: to formally or otherwise ceremonially do	before a noun, usually with the honorific prefix 御 (o-/go-), to serve, perform an action for a superior	to ask, request, or give thanks (to a kami or buddha)	to be called	to make a wish	to say																			
午前	noun	forenoon, AM																									
ロバート	name	Robert																									
ユダヤ	name	Judea																									
マスク	noun	a mask (cover for the face), especially a gauze mask	looks, features																								
回収	noun	recovery, calling in																									
回収	verb	collect, recover	withdraw																								
順調	adj	satisfactory; favorable																									
順調	noun	favorable condition, smooth progress																									
仕える	verb	to enter public service	to serve, serve under, take service under																								
ミサイル	noun	missile																									
ドクター	noun	doctor (medical professional)	doctor (person with a doctorate degree)																								
指輪	noun	a ring (round piece of (precious) metal worn around the finger)																									
祈り	noun	prayer (heartfelt wish)	prayer (request to a deity)																								
うー																											
含む	verb	imply	include, contain	synonym of 含む (fukumu)																							
軍事	noun	military matters																									
黒い	adj	black																									
班	character	group, party, section																									
班	suffix	group, party	section																								
例	noun	a case, an instance, an illustration, an example	a custom, usual practice, habit	a precedent	an instance, an example, a precedent	the aforementioned																					
事情	noun	circumstances	reasons																								
集団	noun	group																									
済み																											
予約	noun	appointment; an arrangement for a meeting	reservation, booking	subscription																							
予約	verb	make an appointment	reserve	subscribe																							
モード	noun	mode, a state, a setting	mode, fashion																								
ゼロ	num	Used to refer to something measurable being absent or missing.	zero (number)																								
科	character	a (circular) hole	fault; flaw; graded crimes (とが)	law; regulation; divide taxes or crimes; categorized classes or the text of law	performance and expression of actors (しぐさ)	sort; class; kind; grade; examinations graded in classes (しな)																					
科	suffix	department, section	family																								
科	noun	crime, offense, wrongdoing	fault, flaw	mistake, error																							
中心	noun	center, hub (most important area of activity)	center, middle, heart, core (physical center)	crux, main point																							
拘束	noun	restriction; restraint																									
拘束	verb	restrict; restrain; (law enforcement) detain																									
計算	noun	calculation	forecast																								
計算	verb	to calculate																									
設定	noun	configuration	in-universe information (of a character, the background, or any part of a fictional universe); lore	setting	setup; establishment; creation																						
設定	verb	to configure	to set up; to establish; to create																								
阻止	noun	blocking, thwarting, prevent, hindrance, impedance or impediment																									
阻止	verb	to block, to thwart, to prevent, to impede, to hinder something																									
塔	character	pagoda, tower, steeple																									
塔	noun	pagoda, stupa	steeple, spire	tower	tower (structure)	turret (of a castle or fortification)																					
塔	suffix	pagoda, stupa	steeple, spire	tower	turret (of a castle or fortification)																						
塔	name	The Tower, the sixteenth trump or major arcana card in most traditional Tarot decks	short for 塔舞 (Araragimai): the title of a piece of bugaku Japanese court dance																								
時期	noun	period of time	season	time for doing something																							
授業	noun	instruction; teaching; school; lesson, class																									
授業	verb	teach; to instruct; give a lesson																									
フォード	noun	Ford																									
ポッド																											
嫌う	verb	to hate; to dislike																									
アーサー	name	Arthur																									
激しい	adj	intense, acute, extreme	severe	violent																							
民間	noun	private, non-governmental																									
潰す	verb	to ruin; drive into bankruptcy	to ruin; to destroy; to demolish; to wreck; to pull down	to slaughter	to smash, to crush, to break																						
仲																											
応援	noun	cheering	support																								
応援	verb	aid, back up, support	cheer, root for																								
車両	noun	rolling stock; railcar, subway car, etc.																									
チーズ	noun	cheese (dairy product)																									
チーズ	intj	cheese (said while being photographed)																									
基本	noun	basis, foundation	kihon																								
ジェシー																											
ドン	noun	don (mafia boss)	dong (Vietnamese currency)	leader																							
地面	noun	ground (surface of the Earth)																									
入り口																											
謝罪	noun	apology																									
謝罪	verb	to apologize																									
墜落	noun	crashing, falling																									
墜落	verb	crash, fall																									
ポンド	noun	pound (unit of weight)	pound (various national former/current currency)																								
呪い	noun	a curse (supernatural detriment)	a spell (evil magic)	deception, manipulation of someone	incantation, magic spell																						
オーケイ																											
苦痛	noun	agony, pain	distress, torment, anguish																								
航空	noun	aviation																									
エマ	name	a transliteration of the English female given name Emma																									
化学	noun	chemistry (branch of natural science)																									
対策	noun	plan, measure, step, countermeasure																									
メートル	noun	a metre (unit of length)																									
ケーシー																											
骨折	noun	fracture (in bone)																									
骨折	verb	to break a bone	to suffer from a broken bone																								
ドク																											
ドリー																											
サマリア																											
物質	noun	material, substance																									
ワード	noun	word																									
理論	noun	theory																									
脅迫	noun	threat																									
脅迫	verb	to threaten																									
恐れ	noun	恐れ, 怖れ: fear, horror, uneasiness	恐れ, 畏れ: reverence, awe	恐れ, 虞: concern that something bad will happen, risk, danger																							
ケイト	noun	a four/cater																									
ショック	noun	financial disturbance	shock (medical emergency)	shock (physical impact)	shock (sudden emotional disturbance)																						
才	noun	ability, talent, aptitude	alternative form of the volumetric unit 抄(しょう) (shō)																								
逃亡	noun	escape																									
逃亡	verb	to make an escape, to run away, to flee and hide																									
一方	noun	on the one hand	one person	one side, one-way	one-sided																						
一方	adj	ordinary																									
保障	noun	guarantee	warranty																								
保障	verb	guarantee, endorse, assure																									
ネットワーク	noun	a network (directory of people)	a network (interconnected group or system)	a network (multiple computers and other devices connected together)																							
ベスト	adj	best																									
ベスト	noun	one's best	vest																								
世	noun	generation, age, era	lifespan	lifetime	period of a person leading as a patriarch	relationship between a man and a woman	this world, this life	time of year, season	world, society																		
世	counter	generation																									
世	suffix	epoch																									
世	name	a female given name																									
ア	syllable	The katakana syllable ア (a). Its equivalent in hiragana is あ (a). It is the first syllable in the gojūon order; its position is ア行ア段 (a-gyō a-dan, “row a, section a”).																									
崩壊	noun	collapse	decay, deterioration, disintegration																								
崩壊	verb	to collapse	to decay, to deteriorate, to disintegrate																								
遂に																											
口座	noun	account (a registry of pecuniary transactions)																									
修復	noun	restoration																									
修復	verb	to repair, to mend																									
さい	adv	so; such																									
バれる																											
趣味	noun	a hobby (activity done for enjoyment in spare time)	one's taste (set of preferences)																								
疲れ	noun	tiredness; fatigue																									
ハロー	intj	hello																									
獣	noun	a beast (used for its meat, such as a boar or a deer)	a female attendant at a bathhouse or hot spring	a female prostitute at a bathhouse or hot spring	an animal covered in fur, a beast	beast																					
解る																											
未	character	not yet (いまだ, いまだ…ず, まだ)	the Sheep (ひつじ)																								
未	name	the Sheep, the eighth of the twelve Earthly Branches																									
未	prefix	un-; in- (not yet)																									
影	noun	a low ranked prostitute in the licensed quarters with a fee of two 匁 (momme)	a shadow	a shape or form reflected in light	light	negative aspect	presence	shadow																			
影	affix	a shape or form reflected in light	alternative form of 影 (ei)	light	shadow																						
テキサス	name	Texas (a state in the south-central region of the United States)																									
内容	noun	content (the information conveyed in document, conversation, lecture, etc.), details, substance	contents (something inside a container)																								
世紀	noun	century (100 years)																									
世紀	counter	century																									
含める	verb	synonym of 含める (fukumeru)	to explain fully, to communicate, to inform	to include	to persuade, to instruct																						
パターン	noun	a sequence of events, behaviors, facts, etc.	a template for pieces of a garment	an arrangement of elements	pattern																						
引っ張る	verb	bring someone in	drag, tow	pull, yank	string (cable), stretch (a rope over something)																						
人達	noun	plural of 人: people, persons																									
ナイト	noun	a knight	a knight (warrior)	night																							
丁緯																											
範囲	noun	area, field, sphere	domain, territory	range, region																							
トンネル	noun	through the legs	tunnel																								
婚約	noun	engagement, a promise to marry																									
婚約	verb	get engaged																									
よね																											
円	character	circle	yen																								
円	noun	a round or circular object; a circle; roundness	alternative spelling of 丸 (“circle”)	alternative spelling of 丸 (“roundness, plumpness”)	circle (set of all points in plane at a given distance and at a given point)	yen																					
円	affix	circular; round	smooth; harmonious	yen: the official currency of Japan																							
円	name	a female given name	a surname	a unisex given name																							
円	prefix	alternative spelling of 丸: prefix to noun to mean an object is completely in that noun	alternative spelling of 丸: prefix to numbers remaining constant																								
ドローン	noun	drone (unmanned aircraft)																									
構築	noun	construction, building																									
構築	verb	build																									
休暇	noun	some time off	vacation																								
殺る																											
意志	noun	will (intention or decision)																									
困難	adj	difficult, trying, hard																									
困難	noun	difficulties, hardship, trouble																									
覚	character	awake	conscious	remembrance	to enlighten	to remember	to wake up from sleep																				
覚	name	a male given name																									
射撃	noun	marksmanship	shooting																								
射撃	verb	fire, shoot																									
タウン	noun	town																									
ファック	noun	a fuck (an act of sexual intercourse).	fucking																								
ファック	verb	to fuck																									
ファック	intj	fuck																									
段階	noun	stage, level																									
抱える																											
投票	noun	voting																									
投票	verb	to cast a vote, to cast a ballot																									
上手	adj	aggressive, bold, on the offensive	skillful, dexterous	superior, better	synonym of 上手 (jōzu) above																						
上手	noun	a person with the seventh dan in the games of shogi or go	a skilled player of games, such as go or shogi	an overhand hold	flattery (from being told how skillful one is, even if one isn't)	short for 上手物 (jōtemono): an exquisite piece of workmanship	skill, dexterity	stage left: the left-hand side of a stage when looking from the stage towards the audience	synonym of 上手 (jōzu) above	the head of a table, the seat of honor	the left-hand side of a drawstring on a fishing net	the upper hand in an overhand hold	uphill, the upper portion of a hill or other geographic feature	upstream, the upstream portion of a river	upwind												
教	character	to teach; teachings, doctrine																									
教	affix	doctrine	teaching																								
教	suffix	-ism (religion)																									
教	name	a male given name																									
纏める	verb	collect, bring together	combine, merge	control, rule	finalize, settle	organize, coordinate	summarize																				
動揺	noun	fluctuation, turbulence	jolt, lurch																								
動揺	verb	fluctuate, be turbulent	jolt, lurch																								
パンツ	noun	pants, trousers (garment covering the body from the waist downwards)	pants, underpants (undergarment covering the genitals)																								
委員	noun	a committee	committee member																								
みのり																											
身元	noun	person's background	person's identity																								
流れる	verb	circulate, go around	fail, fall through	flow, run, rush, stream	pass	play	trend	wash away																			
縛る	verb	to bind, to tie, to gird																									
アン	noun	庵, 菴: hermitage	暗: darkness	案: plan, scheme	餡: bean paste																						
釣り	noun	angling; fishing using a pole.	change (money given back when a customer hands over more than the exact price of an item)	trolling																							
釣り	verb	stem or continuative form of 釣る (tsuru)																									
タクシー	noun	a taxi, a taxicab, a cab																									
杯	character	cup																									
杯	counter	cupfuls	squids (as food)																								
杯	suffix	cup (contest)																									
冬	noun	winter (season)																									
冬	affix	winter																									
僅か	adj	faint, subtle	low in number or amount left	meager, little																							
僅か	adv	only (in reference to a meager amount)																									
僅か	noun	a small amount																									
証人	noun	witness																									
一般	adj	general, common, ordinary																									
一般	noun	the general, the normal, the usual																									
乗客	noun	passenger																									
人形	noun	a description or sketch of a person, as in a wanted poster created by the police	a doll	a human shape	a person's appearance	a picture of someone's appearance	a proxy, a representative	a puppet, one who carries out actions for someone else	a tailor's dummy, a mannequin	doll; puppet																	
ゾード																											
捧げる	verb	to devote, dedicate	to display	to give	to offer, sacrifice	to put up	to raise both hands to near the eye level	to raise one's voice																			
オーロラ	noun	an aurora																									
オーロラ	name	Aurora (a city in Colorado)	Aurora (a city in Illinois)	Aurora (a city in Ohio)	Aurora (a town in New York)	Aurora (a town in Ontario)																					
銃撃	noun	shooting; gun attack																									
銃撃	verb	to fire at																									
飛ばし	noun	clipping of 飛ばし携帯 (tobashi keitai)	clipping of 飛ばし記事 (tobashi kiji)																								
飛ばし	verb	continuative of 飛ばす (tobasu, “to let fly; to speed up; to skip over”)																									
海岸	noun	coast; shore (the border between land and sea)																									
起きろ																											
ワトソン																											
通ずる	verb	be recognized	be understood	have a connection with another person	lead to, connect with	pass information secretly	reach (e.g. electricity, a phone call)																				
分ける	verb	classify	divide	sell	share, let someone have	sort out, separate																					
オフ	noun	off																									
推測	noun	speculation, conjecture, guesswork																									
推測	verb	speculate, guess, surmise																									
同盟	noun	union; alliance																									
同盟	verb	to ally																									
クーパー	name	Cooper County (a county of Missouri, United States)	a transliteration of the English surname Cooper																								
冷たい	adj	cold	cold (unfriendly)																								
演ずる	verb	perform, play a (theatrical) role																									
悪化	noun	aggravation, deterioration, degeneration, corruption																									
悪化	verb	to worsen, to aggravate, to deteriorate																									
小説	noun	novel, story, fiction																									
老人	noun	old person; elderly																									
増える	verb	to increase (in numbers, quantity, or volume)	殖える: to increase, especially money or living organisms																								
モデル	noun	model																									
保つ	verb	to keep up; to retain	to maintain																								
助	noun	assistance																									
助	prefix	assistant	help																								
ドーン																											
暗	character	darkness																									
暗	noun	darkness																									
暗	affix	blackish	dark	foolish	memorize; recite from memory	secret; covert																					
上院	noun	an upper house																									
反	character	anti-																									
反	prefix	anti-																									
見張る	verb	to look out, to be wary	to open one's eyes wide	to stand guard	to watch																						
頼る	verb	rely, depend; count on																									
積む	verb	pile up																									
暇	character	leave of absence	leisure	not busy	rest	spare time	time																				
暇	adj	free; leisure; idle; vacant																									
暇	noun	divorce	farewell	leisure	loss of one's job	paid vacation	time, free time																				
組	noun	class, group, team, set																									
組	suffix	class, group, team, set																									
タイミング	noun	timing (time when something happens)																									
餌	noun	animal food, feed	bait																								
ページ	noun	page (of a book, newspaper, etc.)																									
代表	noun	a representative, representation, delegation, example	a typification																								
代表	verb	to represent, stand for	to typify																								
寂しい	adj	depressing, sad	desolate	lonely																							
地区	noun	zone (area distinguished on the basis of a particular characteristic etc)																									
エレベーター	noun	an elevator (US) or lift (UK)																									
適切	adj	appropriate, adequate, proper																									
適切	noun	appropriacy, adequacy, propriety																									
破滅	noun	ruin; destruction																									
破滅	verb	to fall into ruin; to be ruined;																									
存知																											
コピー	noun	act of copying	copied paper	short for キャッチコピー																							
コピー	verb	to copy																									
喜び	noun	delight, joy, congratulations																									
グラス	noun	glass (cup)																									
署名	noun	digital signature	signature																								
署名	verb	to sign																									
父上	noun	father (used in pre-Meiji samurai families)																									
ハム	noun	clipping of ハムスター (hamusutā, “hamster”)	ham (thigh of a hog cured for food)	noise emitted from a receiver or other equipment experiencing electrical interference																							
ハム	name	Ham	Hamm (places in Germany)																								
群れ																											
文句	noun	complaint	phrase, words																								
機嫌	adj	in a good mood																									
機嫌	noun	mood; humour; feeling	safety; well-being; one's situation																								
下ろす	verb	alternative form of 卸す, to sell wholesale; to grate	alternative form of 降ろす, to unload; to drop off; to lower	to cut; to prune	to renew, to make anew																						
朝食	noun	breakfast																									
タグ	noun	tag (element of markup language)	tag, label																								
トミー	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Tommy																									
暗闇	noun	an unknown or hidden place	darkness, the dark, complete absence of light; a dark place	jail, prison	psychological depression	psychological distress, the state of being at a loss	public chaos, disorder in the world																				
陰	character	dark, gloomy	hidden, invisible	negative, yin (in contrast to yang)	shade																						
陰	noun	female genitalia	hidden side	male genitalia	shadow, shade	shady area; (陰に) in the shade; secretly; in private	yin																				
陰	affix	genitalia	hidden; invisible; secret	negative; “female”; quiescent; minus	north side of mountain; south side of water	shade; shadow	shadow of the sun; (figuratively) time	the moon	yin																		
規模	noun	scale, scope, extent, dimension																									
十	num	ten, 10																									
十	noun	a ten-year-old																									
十	affix	all, completely, perfect	multiplied by ten: tenfold	ten, 10	tenfold	tenth																					
襲撃	noun	raid																									
襲撃	verb	raid, make an attack, descend on, maraud																									
エリア	noun	area																									
隊長	noun	leader, commander, captain																									
畜生	noun	a beast: a generic term for animals, birds, fish and insects, as the reincarnated form of one who had bad karma in a previous life	a person																								
畜生	intj	an expression of strong anger or frustration: damn, dammit, fuck, shit																									
漫画	noun	a caricature (pictorial representation of someone or something for comic effect)	a comic (cartoon story)	a drawing or painting made as one pleases without restraint, such as those by Hokusai																							
遊び	noun	flexibility	game	play																							
呪文	noun	an incantation, a spell, an enchantment																									
サンサ																											
当時	noun	then, at that time																									
卵	character	an egg																									
卵	noun	a beginner or rookie at something	an egg, including fish roe	an ovum	the beginning or start of something (compare the uses of English terms kernel and seed)																						
招く	verb	to beckon	to incur, to invite, to lead to, to bring about																								
分る																											
25																											
復活	noun	resurgence, comeback	revival; return to life																								
復活	verb	make a comeback	to return to life; come back to life; be revived																								
芸術	noun	the arts																									
墓	character	grave; graveyard																									
墓	noun	a grave, a tomb																									
日中	name	Japan and China																									
日中	noun	a half day, half of a day	noon, midday	the daytime, during the day																							
対応	noun	compatibility	correspondence to	dealing with																							
対応	verb	to correspond to	to respond, to keep up with																								
握る	verb	to grasp, to grip, to hold	to make (nigirizushi, riceball, etc...); to press into shape	to seize, to take hold of																							
下す	verb	alternative form of 下ろす	do for oneself	issue an order	pass judgement, conclude, rule																						
珍しい	adj	rare, unusual																									
ダリル																											
姉妹	noun	sisters	the status of being a sister																								
国際	noun	The quality of being international.																									
登録	noun	a record or entry	a subscription on a platform like YouTube	registration																							
登録	verb	to record an entry	to register	to subscribe on a platform like YouTube																							
痣	character	birthmark, nevus	bruise																								
痣	noun	bruise, birthmark																									
合図	noun	phase diagram	signal, cue																								
合図	verb	to give a signal																									
勧める	verb	offer food, drink or the use of something	promote (industry etc.)	suggest, recommend, advise																							
限界	noun	limit (boundary)																									
しい	suffix	used to form adjectives from nouns, reduplications, or the 未然形 (mizenkei, “incomplete form”) of verbs; an adjective derived by this suffix implies a thorough and certain possession of the quality of the suffixed term																									
蹴る	verb	to kick (something)	to leave a place, particularly in a wild, angry, or violent fashion: to storm out (in the form 席を蹴る (seki o keru, “to kick one's seat”))	to reject																							
モーガン																											
大会	noun	convention; rally; mass meeting	tournament, a meet																								
ジュリア																											
署長																											
敬意	noun	reverence, respect																									
シャワー	noun	shower (a cascade of secondary particles produced when high-energy particles enter dense matter)	shower (a device for bathing)	shower (an instance of using this device)																							
岩	noun	rock																									
岩	affix	rock																									
ウォーレン																											
17																											
悪夢	noun	a nightmare																									
（山																											
売れる	verb	to sell, to sell well																									
正常	adj	normal																									
正常	noun	something that is normal, normality																									
痕跡	noun	vestige, trace, evidence																									
スキャン																											
背後	noun	a part that doesn't appear clearly	behind; back side																								
孫	character	grandchild																									
孫	noun	descendant (usually of a certain generation)	grandchild	lineage; pedigree																							
テープ	noun	adhesive tape	tape (storage medium)																								
酸素	noun	oxygen (chemical element)	oxygen (molecular oxygen)																								
コナー																											
強制	noun	compulsion, imposition, enforcement, coercion																									
強制	verb	to force, to impose, to compel, to coerce																									
ポケット	noun	pocket																									
深刻	adj	serious, deep, heavy (topic), profound (change), weighty (matter)																									
深刻	noun	seriousness																									
負け	noun	defeat																									
負け	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 負ける (makeru)																									
青い	adj	blue	green	pale	unripe; green (inexperienced)																						
対	character	facing, opposed	pair, duo, dyad																								
対	conj	versus																									
対	counter	items that come in pairs	sets of furniture etc.																								
対	noun	pair																									
故障	noun	break, break down, have a fault, go out of order																									
故障	verb	break, break down, have a fault																									
レックス																											
決まり	noun	conclusion	custom, habitual practice	rules																							
ぁ	combining_form	Small combining form of hiragana あ (a).																									
ぁ	particle	contraction of は (wa)																									
大体	noun	general, rough (idea)																									
大体	adv	absolutely	almost	approximately																							
ガラス	noun	glass (substance)																									
環境	noun	environment, surroundings	the natural environment																								
過ち	noun	fault, error, mistake	immorality between a man and a woman; adultery	negligence																							
ミラー	name	Miller																									
座	suffix	names of constellations	names of theaters																								
座	affix	high place																									
夜中	noun	late at night, the middle of the night	midnight	nighttime, the night, the period of time during the night	the entire night, the period of time throughout the night																						
至る	verb	to develop into, to result in	to lead to (a place), to be bound for	to reach, to extend to																							
中々	adv	by no means	very, quite, considerably, rather																								
策	character	scheme; plan; policy; step; means																									
策	noun	plan; policy	the fifth of the Eight Principles of Yong																								
策	suffix	plan, policy																									
従業	noun	being engaged in employment																									
従業	verb	be employed																									
外国	noun	foreign country																									
先週	noun	last week																									
資格	noun	qualifications																									
単に	adv	simply; only																									
フィート	noun	foot, feet																									
真剣	adj	serious, sincere, intense, honest																									
真剣	noun	a real metal sword, as opposed to a wooden or bamboo sword	seriousness																								
うんざり	adv	disgustedly																									
うんざり	verb	to be disgusted at, by; to be tired of; to be fed up																									
派	suffix	group, faction, (political) wing, school																									
ずつ	particle	at a time																									
放送	noun	broadcast (a radio or TV transmission on air)																									
放送	verb	to broadcast																									
師匠	noun	a master, an instructor	sumo coach with his own stable																								
革命	noun	a revolution; a coup d'état	one of the sankaku in traditional cosmology; a year often accompanied by change																								
バウアー																											
スタッフ	noun	staff	stuff																								
進化	noun	evolution																									
進化	verb	to evolve																									
然さ																											
リスク	noun	RISC	risk (possible, usually negative, outcome)																								
圧力	noun	pressure (a force applied to a surface)	pressure, coercion																								
救助	noun	rescue																									
救助	verb	to save; to rescue																									
のり	noun	measure, scale, ruler (measuring device)	measure, scale, size	norm, standard	rule, regulation, law	伸り, 反り	典: code, ceremony, scripture	箆入	血, 生血: fresh blood																		
検索	noun	retrieval, searching																									
検索	verb	to search, to retrieve																									
16																											
エル	noun	The name of the Latin-script letter L/l.	ell (measure of cloth)																								
ドミニク																											
ウッチー																											
企業	noun	business	corporation	enterprise	undertaking																						
３人																											
倉庫	noun	warehouse																									
用心	noun	care	caution																								
用心	verb	to be careful	to be cautious																								
通常	adj	ordinary; conventional; normal																									
通常	adv	generally, usually, commonly																									
通常	noun	the usual (thing, etc.), the norm																									
単																											
ジン	noun	a jinn	gin (alcoholic beverage).	short for ジン・ラミー (jin ramī, “gin rummy”)																							
ジン	name	Sinn (community in Germany)																									
見逃す																											
有罪	noun	guilt, being guilty																									
配置	noun	arrangement of resources, placement of people																									
配置	verb	allocate	deploy																								
代理	noun	proxy	surrogation, proxy																								
代理	verb	to act in place of																									
アンナ	name	Anna (a city in Illinois)	Anna (a city in Texas)	Anne																							
中身	noun	blade of a sword	contents, substance (of speech, etc.)	medium	physical contents																						
親しい	adj	close; friendly	familiar																								
変身	noun	a transformation of one's appearance	an appearance or body so transformed	shapeshifting, a transformation of one's body, particularly of a human into some other creature or form																							
変身	intj	Transform!																									
変身	verb	to shapeshift, to transform physically into some other creature or form	to transform one's appearance																								
フィルム	noun	a thin membrane	camera film	cinema, that is, film or movies as a group																							
デイブ																											
調整	noun	coordination; regulation; adjustment																									
調整	verb	to adjust																									
安い	adj	cheap	inexpensive																								
印	affix	printing	short for 印度 (Indo, “India”)	stamp, seal	trace, mark, sign																						
印	noun	mudra; symbolic hand gesture	stamp, seal																								
狙い	noun	aim (all senses)																									
浴びる	verb	be washed (by the waves)	to bathe, to shower, to take a bath	to pour or have something poured on oneself; be bathed, bask (in sunlight)	to suffer (e.g. an attack); to have abuse heaped upon; to draw criticism upon oneself																						
記者	noun	reporter; journalist																									
金属	noun	metal																									
ビクター	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Victor																									
ビクター	noun	victor																									
休憩	noun	a rest; a break; an intermission																									
休憩	verb	rest; take a break																									
机	character	desk, table																									
机	noun	desk; table																									
逃げろ	verb	imperative of 逃げる																									
逃げろ	intj	Run!																									
火星	name	Mars (planet)																									
同士	noun	comrade																									
スキー	noun	a ski	skiing																								
緑	character	green																									
緑	noun	a new bud or shoot	green (color)	in kabuki and 浄瑠璃 (jōruri, “puppet theater”), performing just the main parts of a work and omitting the 狂言 (kyōgen)	in the Edo Period, an apprentice to a high-ranking courtesan, from ages six or seven through thirteen or fourteen	verdure																					
緑	name	a female given name	a surname																								
サンド	noun	sand	sandwiching; squeezing from both sides	short for サンドイッチ (sandoitchi, “sandwich”)																							
サンド	verb	to sandwich																									
賛成	noun	approval																									
賛成	verb	support, agree, favor																									
無効	adj	ineffective, invalid																									
無効	noun	invalidity, no effect																									
正解	noun	correct answer	the right choice																								
正解	verb	to give a right answer, to give a correct answer																									
踏む	verb	to buy back open interest at the risk of loss	to clam with one's feet	to experience, go through	to follow, go along	to make estimates or valuations	to occupy a position	to rhyme	to set foot, visit	to step, tread	to worship																
物事	noun	things, everything																									
法廷	noun	A court; a court of law.	The bench of a court.																								
粒	character	counter for tiny particles	drop	grains																							
粒	noun	a beat of a percussion instrument during performances such as noh and nagauta	a black, hard seed obtained from the skin of a soapnut tree	a person or thing who makes up a larger group of such	a small change of coins	a wig used in kabuki plays whose chignon is small and round	dice; die	something round and small, such as a drop of grain or a bead	synonym of 無患子 (mukuroji, “Indian soapberry (Sapindus mukoross)”)	synonym of 粒 (tsubu, “something round and small, etc.”)	synonym of 螺 (tsubu, “pond snail”, now dialectal)	the bead of an abacus	the seed of a grain														
粒	counter	used to count things that are round and small, such as seeds and pills	used to count 一分金 (ichibukin, “a currency equivalent to 1/4 of a 両 (ryō)”)																								
粒	affix	a drop of grain																									
粒	suffix	used to count things that are round and small, such as seeds and pills																									
アル	particle	Mimicking Chinese speech; ching chong	Stereotypical sentence-final particle used by Chinese.																								
ポート	noun	port, a logical or physical construct into and from which data are transferred																									
解除	noun	cancellation of an order or contract	disbanding	lifting of sanctions	release, unlocking																						
解除	verb	to cancel an order or contract	to disband	to lift sanctions	to release or unlock																						
資料	noun	written resources, data, documents, information																									
頑張																											
公平	adj	impartial, fair																									
公平	noun	impartiality, fairness																									
豚	noun	a fat person, an unattractive woman	a hand of cards worth zero (such as 8–9–3 totalling 20, which is equivalent to zero), in Baccarat-like three-card games such as おいちょかぶ	a wild boar	pig; swine	pork (the meat)	synonym of ハイカード (hai kādo, “high card”): a no pair, a hand without even a pair (probably a modification of the term for a zero-valued card hand)																				
メアリー	name	a transliteration of the English female given name Mary																									
アイザック																											
一同	noun	all (present); everyone																									
ステージ	noun	performance on stage	stage, a place for performance	stage, level																							
運動	noun	athletics, exercise	movement	movement, drive, campaign																							
運動	verb	exercise, work out																									
妨害	noun	obstructing someone or something; obstruction, interference																									
妨害	verb	obstruct, disturb, stand in the way																									
関与	noun	involvement																									
関与	verb	be involved in, be engaged, enter the picture																									
遠慮	noun	forethought, foresight	reserve																								
遠慮	verb	to refrain from (doing something)	to restrain oneself; to have restraint; to be reserved; to hold back	to stand on ceremony																							
軍人	noun	a person related to the armed force (a serviceman, a soldier, an officer etc.)																									
スコット	name	Scott																									
御飯	noun	a meal of any sort	cooked rice																								
迫る	verb	to approach, reduce spatial or temporal distance	to press, compel, urge	to urge, compel; to hurry (someone) along																							
世間	noun	society, public																									
来週	noun	next week																									
利益	noun	benefit	blessing, salvation	profit																							
自転	noun	rotation around a fixed axis																									
自転	verb	to rotate around a fixed axis																									
掘る	verb	to dig; to excavate	to have anal intercourse																								
ダニー																											
リチャード	name	Richard																									
ハッカー	noun	a hacker																									
１００																											
報酬	noun	remuneration, reward, recompense	toll																								
ブルース	noun	blues																									
値する	verb	deserve, be worth, be worthy of																									
其し																											
権力	noun	power, authority																									
妄想	noun	a delusion																									
妄想	verb	have a delusion; stay in a fantasy																									
道具	noun	a means, something used to perform an operation	tool (mechanical device intended to make a task easier)																								
承認	noun	approval, recognition																									
承認	verb	approve																									
出番	noun	one's turn																									
上れる																											
作品	noun	a work, especially a work of art such as a performance, a painting, a piece of pottery, etc.																									
共同	noun	cooperation; collaboration; joint (e.g., joint research, joint representative, joint custody); common; shared																									
共同	verb	to cooperate, to collaborate																									
共同	pron	Kyodo News, short for 共同通信社																									
邪悪	adj	wicked; evil; malicious																									
邪悪	noun	wickedness; evil																									
ビジョン	noun	vision (ideal or goal)																									
意思	noun	intention; intent; purpose; mind; a wish																									
助言	noun	advice (opinion recommended or offered, as worthy to be followed; counsel)																									
助言	verb	to advise																									
グレン																											
電源	noun	electric power source, power supply	power outlet, power socket																								
公式	noun	formality, officiality	formula																								
王妃	noun	a queen consort	the princess consort of an East Asian 王 (“prince”); compare 親王妃																								
スノウ																											
ドム																											
供給	noun	supply, provision																									
供給	verb	to supply																									
脅する																											
寧ろ	adv	rather, instead																									
遥か	adj	faraway, distant																									
遥か	adv	far																									
一時	noun	one o'clock																									
一時	adv	temporarily																									
仕い																											
感覚	noun	sense (method to gather data)	sense (natural ability)																								
ライリー																											
観察	noun	observation																									
観察	verb	observe																									
生徒	noun	pupil, educatee, student (especially in junior high schools (中学校) or high schools (高校) in Japan)																									
女子	noun	a female child; a girl	a female child; girl	a woman	girl; woman	wife	wife and child																				
ノーマン																											
ロイ																											
ドラッグ	noun	a drug; (frequently) illicit drugs	the act of dragging																								
ドラッグ	verb	to drag (something)																									
飲み物	noun	drink																									
滞在	noun	stay																									
滞在	verb	to make a stay, to sojourn																									
一族	noun	all members of a family	those who belong to the same family or clan																								
争う	verb	argue, dispute	compete, contest	to compete (in sumo, for example)	to contend	to resist																					
棒	character	bar, staff, stick, pole, walking stick, cane, stave, strove, rod, wand, (shepherd's) crook.	straight line.																								
棒	noun	a staff, measuring 6 shaku (about 1.8 meters), used in martial arts such as 棒術 (bōjutsu)	a straight line; bar	staff used by practitioners of Zen Buddhism	state of being in a "straight line"; continuous	stick-like or long, cylindrical item: pointer, pole, rod, etc.	taut leg muscles due to fatigue																				
若者																											
通過	noun	passage of a bill	passage of a test in school	passage through a screening	passage through an object																						
通過	verb	pass a bill	pass a screening	pass a test	pass through something																						
ｍ																											
イメージ	noun	artist's impression	impression; personal image; persona; face	mental image, one's impression or the image that comes to mind																							
イメージ	verb	to think of (something), to picture, to conjure up																									
マウイ																											
可処																											
メイ	name	a transliteration of the English female given name May	a transliteration of the English surname May																								
仲良く																											
ホームズ	name	a transliteration of the English surname Holmes																									
明確	adj	clear, definite, precise																									
明確	noun	precision, accuracy																									
加わる	verb	be added to	increase	join in a group or effort, participate, take part in																							
たな	noun	店: merchant's home; rented home; store; shop	棚: shelf, ledge, rack, trellis																								
異なる	verb	to differ	to disagree	to vary																							
弱点	noun	weak point, weakness, shortcoming																									
ヒット	noun	a hit (a success)	a hit (the act of being struck)	a safe hit	hit (result on a search engine)	hit (the act of being struck)	success																				
ヒット	verb	be a hit, be a success	hit (strike something)	to come up as a result on a search engine																							
ムーン	name	the Moon																									
金御																											
━																											
公開	noun	disclosure, exposure	opening, release, exhibition																								
公開	verb	to disclose, to expose	to open to the public, to release, to put on exhibit																								
生き延びる	verb	to survive																									
金曜	noun	Friday	planet Venus																								
ブ	syllable	The katakana syllable ブ (bu). Its equivalent in hiragana is ぶ (bu).																									
数字	noun	a digit (numeral)	a figure, a thing expressed as a number (e.g. television viewership, score of games or sales)	a numeral																							
虐殺	noun	massacre, slaughter																									
虐殺	verb	to massacre																									
訪問	noun	a visit																									
訪問	verb	visit; to call (at someone's house)																									
越す	verb	to cross, go over	to exceed, surpass	to move house	to pass time																						
雪	character	cleanse	snow	white as snow																							
雪	noun	a turnip or daikon	a 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”) with various designs of snowflakes	abbreviation of 鱈 (tara): a codfish	shaved ice	short for 八朔の雪 (hassaku no yuki)	small pieces of paper used to imitate snow	snow	something white as snow	white hair																	
雪	name	a female given name																									
散歩	noun	a walk, a stroll																									
散歩	verb	take a walk																									
候補	noun	candidate																									
前進	noun	advance, advancement, progress																									
前進	verb	to advance, to progress																									
どく																											
住民	noun	citizens; inhabitants																									
護衛	noun	a guard, an escort																									
護衛	verb	to guard, to escort																									
転送	noun	forwarding	transfer, sending on																								
転送	verb	to forward a telephone call	to transfer, to send on																								
スレイド																											
作動	noun	operation, running																									
作動	verb	to run, to work, to be on																									
怯う																											
何事	noun	unspecified matter	what sort of matter																								
犯行	noun	a crime																									
生む	verb	to give birth to, to bear (a child), (of eggs) to lay, (of fish) to spawn	to produce (something)	産む: (of a mother) to deliver (a child)																							
動機	noun	motive; that which sets one into motion																									
印象	noun	impression	the act of a clear image or form appearing, as if impressed like a stamp; also refers to such a shape	the act of printing an image of a Buddha (statue), or the printed image of a Buddha (statue) itself																							
印象	verb	to leave an impression																									
爪	character	nail, claw																									
爪	noun	nail; claw																									
爪	affix	nail; claw																									
信仰	noun	belief, faith																									
信仰	verb	to have faith in a religion, to profess faith in																									
案	noun	desk; table	expectation; anticipation	idea; suggestion; opinion; thought	legal case	plan; proposal; bill	rough draft																				
広がる																											
氷	noun	a cold and sharp object, as a shard of ice	hail (precipitated ice)	ice (frozen water)	short for 氷水 (kōrimizu): ice water; water filled with ice	short for 氷襲 (kōrigasane): layered clothing with the front shining white and plain white at the back																					
氷	name	a female given name	a surname																								
氷	affix	freeze, congeal	ice	icy, cold																							
ブラボー																											
解つ																											
																											
残れる																											
60																											
念	noun	feeling	sense																								
達成	noun	achievement																									
達成	verb	to achieve																									
被る	verb	to cover	to cover oneself with clothes; to wear	to experience something unfortunate	to experience something unfortunate, suffer	to put on one's head	to receive	to wear																			
ザ	syllable	The katakana syllable ザ (za). Its equivalent in hiragana is ざ (za).																									
ザ	particle	Used to add emphasis to a noun and imply that it is a classic example of something.																									
コイツ																											
止	character	to stop	to stop, to terminate																								
シェルビー																											
繭	character	a cocoon																									
繭	noun	a cocoon																									
実現	noun	implementation; materialization; realization																									
実現	verb	to implement, to realize																									
パトリック	name	Patrick																									
プライベート	adj	private																									
プライベート	noun	private life; personal affairs																									
最新	noun	the latest; the newest																									
込む	verb	be complicated	be crowded	become some state completely	do thoroughly	go into, go in	put into	remain in the same state, such as remain sitting or remain silent																			
不幸	adj	unfortunate	unhappy																								
不幸	noun	death of a relative; bereavement	misfortune	sorrow, unhappiness																							
通報	noun	a report, notification																									
通報	verb	report, notify																									
令状	noun	a court or judge-issued document ordering or permitting compulsory disposition; a warrant; a writ																									
外出	noun	going out																									
外出	verb	to go out																									
受信	noun	reception of a communication, such as an email or telegraph	reception of a signal, such as a broadcast signal	reception of information																							
受信	verb	receive a communication	receive a signal	receive information																							
ジェニー	name	Jennie	Jenny																								
四	num	four, 4																									
四	noun	the fourth																									
四	affix	four	fourth	here and there	quadruple																						
意図	noun	aim	design	intention																							
意図	verb	to intend, to be thinking (of doing)																									
ナンバー	noun	license plate (ナンバープレート) number	number	number (performance)																							
輝く	verb	to be crowned with glory, to sparkle	to shine dazzlingly																								
怪しい	adj	fumbling, unsteady, awkward	suspect, doubtful	suspicious, shady	奇しい: unusual, out of the ordinary, strange	妖しい: eerie, uncanny, mysterious																					
真面	adj	direct, straight, frontwards	honest, proper, upright, correct, appropriate																								
真面	noun	the direct front of something																									
詐欺	noun	fraud, swindle, con																									
不満	adj	dissatisfied																									
不満	noun	dissatisfaction, discontent, disapproval																									
悲劇	noun	tragedy (event causing great suffering)	tragedy (type of theatrical work)																								
伝言	noun	message																									
伝言	verb	to send word; to give a message																									
封鎖	noun	a blockade	blocking off	freezing funds	shutting up (a building etc.)																						
封鎖	verb	block off, cut off	blockade	freeze funds	shut up (close a building etc. so that no one can enter)																						
200																											
パンチ	noun	a punch (device for creating holes in thin material)	a punch (hit or strike with one's fist)																								
パンチ	verb	to punch (to strike something or someone with one's fist)																									
乗り越える	verb	to climb (over)	to overcome, to surmount	to surpass, to overtake																							
週	character	week																									
週	noun	a week (unit of time)																									
週	counter	weeks																									
週	name	a male or female given name																									
番組	noun	program; programming																									
戦車	noun	tank (armoured fighting vehicle)	the Chariot																								
ランス																											
レストラン	noun	a restaurant																									
ゴードン	name	a transliteration of the English surname and male given name Gordon																									
スティーブ	name	Steve																									
メリッサ																											
支払い	noun	payment																									
支払い	verb	stem or continuative form of 支払う (shiharau)																									
把握	noun	control	grasp (understanding)																								
把握	verb	to grasp (to understand)	to have under control																								
シート	noun	a defender's position	a seat	a sheet, as of paper, cloth, plastic, or rock																							
電子	noun	electron	the quality of being electronic																								
理想	noun	an ideal																									
戻せる																											
上昇	noun	ascent; rise																									
上昇	verb	rise, ascend																									
アフリカ	name	Africa (a former province of the Roman Empire, containing what is now Tunisia and portions of coastal Algeria and Libya)	Africa (the continent south of Europe and between the Atlantic and Indian Oceans)																								
御業																											
イライアス																											
シスコ																											
（百																											
Ｚ																											
取り敢えず																											
引き起こす	verb	cause, bring about	pull up to a standing position																								
引退	noun	retirement																									
引退	verb	to retire																									
直ちに	adv	immediately, instantly																									
御覧																											
刺激	noun	stimulus, stimulation, impetus, motivation																									
刺激	verb	stimulate, quicken, get going, provide an impetus																									
フル	adj	full																									
フル	noun	full																									
翼	noun	a bird	a blade (of a propeller, turbine, etc.) with the same cross section of an aircraft wing	a flank	a wing (of a bird or bat)	a wing (of a bird or insect)	an aircraft	an airfoil	an airfoil, wing																		
翼	name	a female given name	a surname	a unisex given name	the Wings constellation, one of the Twenty-Eight Mansions																						
翼	counter	counter for birds	counter for boats	counter for wings of birds																							
翼	affix	assist, help, support	something overhanging both left and right, like a wing	wing (of a bird, insect, aircraft, etc.)																							
イタリア	name	Italy (a country in Southern Europe)																									
チケット	noun	a ticket																									
亀	noun	a drunkard	a penis	a shrugger	a tortoise or turtle (land or marine reptile with a shell)	a 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”) with various designs of tortoises	sluggishness; also, such a person																				
亀	affix	tortoise shell used in divination	tortoise, turtle																								
白人	noun	a white person																									
気味	noun	sensation, feeling																									
気味	suffix	having or tending to have a certain trait																									
明るい	adj	bright, light, luminous	cheerful, merry																								
世代	noun	generation																									
寝室	noun	bedroom, dormitory																									
工作	noun	activities of espionage	handicraft, industrial art, woodwork	underground negotiation of political, foreign relations																							
工作	verb	to construct	to handcraft	to scheme																							
執行	noun	performance, execution, exercise																									
執行	verb	to implement, to put into effect, to perform																									
エジプト	name	Egypt (a country in North Africa and Western Asia)																									
マーカス																											
家庭	noun	family; household																									
人気	noun	popularity	presence of people																								
中央	noun	center/centre, middle																									
中央	name	Chūō (one of 23 special wards in Tokyo prefecture, Japan)																									
チャンピオン	noun	a champion																									
上え																											
筋	character	counter for long, thin things; counter for roads or blocks when giving directions	lineage, descent	muscle, tendon	plot, storyline	reason, logic	vein, artery																				
筋	noun	aptitude	muscle	road	tendon	vein																					
筋	counter	Counter for long, thin things.																									
蠅	noun	Kyūjitai form of 蝿 (“fly”) (insect of the family Muscidae)																									
近所	noun	a neighborhood																									
ケビン																											
ふり	adj	不利: disadvantageous																									
ふり	counter	振り, 風: counter for swords																									
ふり	noun	不利: disadvantage	不離: inseparability	振り, 風: swing; false pretense; pretending	浮利: easy money, quick profit	降り: rainfall, snowfall																					
ニュー	noun	nu (name for the letter of the Greek alphabet: Ν and ν)	the state of being new																								
予測	noun	prediction																									
予測	verb	predict																									
救える																											
尾行	noun	tailing, shadowing																									
尾行	verb	tail, shadow																									
支える	verb	get stuck, get jammed	hold in check	interfere with, obstruct	provide for, maintain, support	support																					
台詞	noun	Same as せりふ (serifu) above	a cliché	a discussion	a performer’s lines	making a payment	one’s words, one’s line																				
画像	noun	a portrait	a portrait, one's likeness	an image produced by an electronic device such as a television; or imagery (images as a whole)																							
処刑	noun	execution (taking of life as punishment)																									
処刑	verb	execute a person																									
直ソ																											
独り	noun	alone, by oneself																									
看護	noun	nursing																									
看護	verb	to nurse, care for																									
留まる	verb	alternative form of 止まる (todomaru)	alternative form of 止まる (tomaru)	keep (to remain in, to be confined to)																							
相当	adj	corresponding	proportional	substantial, considerable	suitable, appropriate																						
相当	noun	corresponding to/equivalent	more than average	suitable	worth																						
相当	verb	be proportional to	correspond to	suit, be appropriate for																							
相当	adv	quite; rather; considerably																									
農場	noun	farm																									
ドニー																											
憎む	verb	to hate, to detest, to abhor																									
衝撃	noun	shock, impact, crash																									
衝撃	verb	to shock, to impact, to crash																									
追放	noun	banishment, deportation, exile	expulsion																								
追放	verb	to banish, to deport, to exile	to expel																								
騒ぎ	noun	(not) to the extent	commotion, fuss, turmoil	noise, uproar, disturbance																							
コト	noun	事: thing, matter.																									
迷惑	adj	annoying																									
迷惑	noun	nuisance; annoyance																									
迷惑	verb	be troubled, be annoyed																									
次元	noun	a dimension																									
ランド	noun	land (area of earth)	land (country)																								
ランド	name	clipping of ディズニーランド (Dizunīrando, “Disneyland”)																									
グリーン	noun	being green, environmentally friendly	green	putting green																							
グリーン	name	Green	Greene																								
囲む	verb	to encircle; to surround; to place things around something																									
マイ	prefix	one's own																									
投資	noun	investment																									
投資	verb	invest, speculate																									
降伏	noun	surrender, capitulation	yielding																								
降伏	verb	to surrender, to capitulate	to yield																								
無限	adj	unlimited, infinite, endless																									
無限	noun	infinity	infinity, unlimitedness, endlessness																								
クルー	noun	crew																									
不正	adj	improper; unjust; fraudulent; dishonest																									
不正	noun	impropriety; injustice; fraud																									
考慮	noun	consideration, regard, account																									
考慮	verb	to consider, to count	to make allowances for, to allow for																								
態度	noun	attitude toward, stance	behavior, manner																								
正	character	correct	justice	positive	regular																						
正	noun	correctness																									
正	pron	生: (humble) I or me, the first person singular (used by males)																									
正	num	5, as tally marks. Similar to four vertical lines followed by a slanted horizontal line crossing through them, this character is used to count to 5 stroke by stroke. Thus this kanji written up to the third stroke represents 3. After the fifth and final stroke, when this character is completed, one starts writing this character again to count to higher numbers.	A number of ten-duodecillion (10⁴⁰) in modern Japanese since 17th century.	ten-duodecillion (10⁴⁰)																							
正	prefix	"senior" ranking for 位 (-i, “Japanese courtier rank”)	exactly (of a number)																								
正	adj	proper; straight, direct; genuine, true																									
正	name	a male given name																									
がっかり	verb	to be disappointed, to lose heart, to feel rejected																									
覚え																											
デ	syllable	The katakana syllable デ (de). Its equivalent in hiragana is で (de).																									
トリック	noun	a trick																									
センター	noun	a center (middle portion of something)	a center (place where a function or activity occurs)	a center (point equidistant from all points on the perimeter of a circle or on the surface of a sphere)	a center (point on a line midway between the ends)	ellipsis of センターポジション (sentā pojishon, “member in an idol group who is the center of focus”)	synonym of 中堅手 (chūkenshu, “center fielder”)																				
満ちる	verb	to be full	to mature, to expire	to rise (e.g. tide)	to wax (e.g. moon)																						
際	character	adventurous	dangerous	edge	incident	occasion	side	time	verge	when																	
際	noun	moment prior to something	time; occasion																								
だよ																											
スポーツ	noun	a sport; sports																									
法的	adj	legal																									
大金	noun	huge sum of money																									
移す	verb	to transfer																									
偶に																											
級	noun	(severed) head	a class	a unit equal to 1 H (ha) and 0.25 mm, abbreviated as Q, which happens to be the initial of English quarter; Q is used for font size, while ha is used for spacing	rank																						
歩ける																											
向き	verb	stem or continuative form of 向く (muku)																									
向き	noun	aptitude, fitness, suitability	direction, aspect, exposure, facet	target	tendency, inclination, bent																						
引け																											
ジャン	name	a transliteration of the French male given name Jean, John																									
ジャン	noun	Sound used to represent a flashy display, see ta-da for similar English word																									
ダン																											
スーザン																											
何乱此方																											
アナ	noun	clipping of アナウンサー (anaunsā, “a media announcer, a TV or radio presenter”)	clipping of アナーキスト (anākisuto, “an anarchist”)	clipping of アナーキズム (anākizumu, “anarchism”)																							
アナ	suffix	Honorific used for news announcers.																									
キャット	noun	cat																									
感動	noun	sensation; touching by heart; moving by heart																									
感動	verb	to be impressed, to be moved																									
結論	noun	conclusion (decision reached after careful thought)																									
結論	verb	to conclude																									
質	character	characteristic	confirm	content	mortgage	natural appearance	seven																				
質	noun	pawn	quality																								
脱ぐ	verb	to take off (clothes etc.)																									
ジャングル	noun	forest	jungle																								
対象	noun	object, target (of worship, study, etc.); subject (of taxation, etc.)																									
収集	noun	collection, collecting																									
収集	verb	to collect, to gather																									
モーリス																											
レース	noun	lace (fabric)	lathe	race (competition)	race (of people)																						
フェル																											
ミランダ																											
（美咲																											
不要	adj	unnecessary	unused	useless																							
不要	noun	being unnecessary	being unused	uselessness																							
傷付く																											
メモ	noun	memo, memorandum (a short note)																									
戦場	noun	battlefield																									
注射	noun	injection																									
注射	verb	to inject																									
ハー																											
屋上	noun	rooftop																									
直面	noun	confrontation																									
直面	verb	face (deal with, confront)																									
裸	character	naked, nude, bare																									
裸	noun	naked, nude, bare																									
バッテリー	noun	a battery (coordinated group of artillery)	a battery (drumline)	a battery (the catcher and the pitcher together)	synonym of 電池 (denchi, “battery”) (device storing electricity)																						
天れ																											
ヘイゼル																											
ワクチン	noun	clipping of ワクチンソフトウェア (wakuchin sofutowea, “antivirus software”)	vaccine																								
世の中	noun	) which is unique to the world	a living; livelihood	a period where time passes:	a range where influence or power is exhibited	a society; the life and customs of the world	a spatial expanse that surrounds the human world	an unchanged or ordinary state of the world	land; world	the current days; nowadays	the current world	the emperor's reign	the environment surrounding the human world:	the growth of crops; a good harvest	the life of a person	the relations of male and female	the secular world; the world inhabited by ordinary people, as opposed to enlightment for monks	the society made of living people of the world:	the state or condition of the world	the weather (of a period)							
マリー	name	Marie	Mary	Moray	Murray																						
なの	phrase	used to indicate intent of question.	used to indicate soft assertion.																								
復帰	noun	return (act of returning), comeback																									
復帰	verb	to return, to come back																									
製	noun	make																									
製	suffix	-made	made of																								
損傷	noun	damage, injury																									
損傷	verb	to damage, to injure																									
偽	character	fake, forgery	falsehood, lie																								
偽	noun	a false statement (usually based without facts)	a falsehood, lie																								
偽	adj	a counterfeit, forgery	an imitation, replica	counterfeit, forged	fake, false	prefixed to nouns:																					
空間	noun	area, room	space																								
サーバー	noun	server (a computer or software which provides services to other programs or users)	server, a tray for dishes	someone who serves a ball in a sport such as tennis																							
リラックス	noun	relaxing																									
リラックス	verb	to relax																									
諜報	noun	intelligence (secrets)																									
用件	noun	things that need to be done; business; matter																									
時点	noun	point (in time)																									
出来	noun	completion	occurrence, happening, taking place																								
出来	verb	to finish, to complete	to occur, to take place																								
化け	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 化ける (bakeru)																									
化け	noun	deceive	monstrosity	transformation, disguise																							
降りる	verb	descend, go down	get off, disembark	give up, quit	step down, retire																						
艦	noun	warship																									
凶獣																											
ルーク	name	Luke																									
ルーク	noun	a rook																									
薬物	noun	drug																									
エド																											
戦略	noun	strategy																									
ライブ	noun	live (broadcast)	live performance (of music); concert																								
姫	character	concubine	princess	woman																							
姫	noun	a noblewoman	a princess	a woman	in the Kyōto and Osaka areas, a prostitute	short for 姫糊 (himenori): a kind of starch glue made from boiled-down rice	the daughter of a high-ranking person																				
姫	prefix	cute	small																								
姫	name	a female given name	a place name	a surname																							
姫	suffix	lady																									
バイク	noun	bicycle	motorcycle																								
畑	character	cropfield																									
畑	noun	dry field; plantation; garden for growing fruits and vegetables	field of specialty	field, dry field																							
畑	name	a surname																									
高速	noun	expressway (abbrev. of 高速道路)	high speed																								
ハンター	noun	hunter																									
ハンター	name	a transliteration of the English surname Hunter																									
放棄	noun	abandonment, giving up	abandonment, renunciation																								
放棄	verb	to abandon, to give up	to abandon, to renounce, to relinquish																								
ファースト	noun	clipping of ファーストフード (fāsuto fūdo, “fast food”)	first	synonym of 一塁 (ichirui, “first base”)	synonym of 一塁手 (ichiruishu, “first baseman”)																						
プレー	noun	a match of a game or sport	play, a theatrical performance	prayer	the playing of a game	the playing of an instrument or a musical performance																					
プレー	verb	have a sports match	have a theatrical performance	play (have fun)	play an instrument	pray																					
プレー	name	Phrae, a province in the northern of Thailand.																									
リング	noun	boxing ring	ring (accessory worn around the finger)																								
教育	noun	education																									
教育	verb	to educate																									
勝者	noun	winner																									
５０																											
修正	noun	revision; correction; amendment; making changes to correct or improve																									
修正	verb	to revise; to correct; to amend; to make changes to correct or improve																									
仮	prefix	temporary	unreal, fake, imaginary																								
仮	noun	temporary; tentative; provisional																									
眺める	verb	to look at and consider something carefully	to look at, to view, to gaze	to observe or look off at something in the distance	to space out, to be lost in thought	to watch something for a continuous period of time																					
友情	noun	friendship																									
ガソリン	noun	gasoline (motor fuel)																									
身分	noun	social position or status																									
流れ	noun	flow	transpiring; events																								
夏	character	China	Xia dynasty	summer																							
夏	noun	summer (season)	summer according to the lunisolar calendar; the ninety days starting from the sixteenth day of the fourth month until the fifteenth day of the seventh month																								
夏	name	a female given name	a male or female given name	a surname	short for 大夏 (Daika): Xia, one of the Sixteen Kingdoms	short for 西夏 (Seika): Western Xia, an empire during the Song dynasty	the Xia dynasty (first dynasty of China)																				
好む	verb	to love; to like; to prefer																									
アニー																											
坊	character	boy, sonny	monk	monk's residence	precinct of a city																						
坊	noun	a Buddhist monk	a bonze	a boy																							
妙	character	mysterious	strange, bizarre																								
妙	adj	excellent	strange																								
妙	noun	excellence																									
裕	character	abundant, rich	fertile																								
裕	name	a male given name	a unisex given name																								
膝	noun	knee																									
ハード	adj	hard (not soft)	intense																								
ハード	noun	clipping of ハードウェア (hādowea, “hardware (material part of a computer)”)	hardness	intensity																							
期間	noun	duration, period																									
同	prefix	same																									
訴える	verb	to complain	to sue																								
派遣	noun	deployment																									
派遣	verb	deploy, dispatch																									
値	character	price	value																								
値	noun	price, cost	value	value, worth	variable	価: price, cost																					
引き受ける	verb	accept a responsibility, undertake, take on																									
排除	noun	elimination	exclusion	rejection																							
排除	verb	to eliminate	to exclude	to reject																							
電磁	noun	electromagnetic																									
叶う	verb	to be fulfilled																									
双子	noun	twins																									
突っ込み	noun	a straight man																									
暗号	noun	code; cipher																									
展開	noun	decompression of a compressed file	development, progression, evolution	spreading out over a wide area, expansion, deployment	unfolding (of a solid)																						
展開	verb	decompress a compressed file	develop, progress, evolve	spread out, expand, deploy	unfold (a solid)																						
好み	noun	leaving the design of the clothing at the performers' discretion	liking, taste, preference	wish, desire																							
おっと	intj	oops, whoops, whoa, oh no, oh my																									
夢中	adj	absorbed (fully occupied with one's thoughts; engrossed)																									
夢中	noun	a trance, absorption in something or someone																									
忠実	adj	faithful, loyal, devoted	hardworking, painstaking, diligent	healthy, fit																							
忠実	noun	faithfulness, loyalty, devotedness	hardworkingness, painstakingness, diligence	healthiness, fitness																							
忠実	name	a female given name	a unisex given name																								
余地	noun	leeway; room	room, margin, space, vacant																								
カップ	noun	cup or mug, specifically, one with a handle.	cup, a part of a brassiere	cup, a unit of measure	prize cup																						
やく	suffix	attaches to mimetic nouns, forming verbs executing that action																									
ハッピー	adj	happy																									
財産	noun	fortune	property																								
停める	verb	to park (a car)																									
労働	noun	labor; labour																									
労働	verb	perform work, labor																									
																											
																											
ランチ	noun	lunch	ranch																								
ランチ	verb	to lunch																									
事業	noun	an enterprise, a business	project, work																								
ネイサン																											
シカゴ	name	Chicago (a large city in Illinois, United States)	Chicago (a river in Illinois, United States)																								
一員	noun	one member of a group																									
夫婦	noun	husband and wife, married couple, spouses, couple, pair	married woman and man, wife and husband	wife and husband																							
軽い	adj	easy	light, lightweight	slight, light, mild	talkative																						
装備	noun	equipment																									
装備	verb	to equip																									
分りる																											
検討	noun	consideration	conversation or debate concerning a particular topic; discussion																								
検討	verb	to consider																									
引っ越す																											
アイス	noun	ice	loan shark, usurer	sorbet, ice pop; ice cream																							
削除	noun	deletion	deletion, erasure, removal																								
削除	verb	to delete	to delete, to erase, to remove																								
数学	noun	mathematics (field of study)																									
キャシー																											
じゃん	verb	clipping of じゃない (ja nai)																									
ビーチ	noun	beach																									
東京	name	Tokyo (a prefecture, the capital city of Japan, consisting of 23 special wards)	Tonkin (northern region of Vietnam)	a surname	dated spelling of とうきょう (Tōkyō, “Tokyo”)	short for 東京府 (Tōkyō-fu): the historical Tokyo Prefecture from 1868–1943	short for 東京都 (Tōkyō-to): the capital prefecture of Japan	short for 東京駅 (Tōkyō-eki): Tokyo Station	the capital of Yongwon province in Balhae during the Tang dynasty	the capital of 北宋 (Hokusō, “Northern Song”), corresponds to modern Kaifeng	the capital of 東漢 (Tōkan, “Eastern Han”) or 後漢 (Gokan, “Later Han”), corresponds to modern Luoyang	the eastern capital of the Jurchen Jin dynasty, corresponds to modern Liaoyang															
東京	noun	an eastern capital																									
妖精	noun	a fay; a fairy																									
似合う	verb	to suit; to match; to become; to be like																									
タイラー																											
僧	character	Buddhist priest	monk																								
僧	noun	priest, bonze																									
美咲）																											
肩	character	shoulder																									
肩	noun	a shoulder																									
取り締まり	noun	control, management	regulation																								
共通	adj	common, shared																									
共通	noun	community																									
共通	verb	to share, to have in common																									
分かれる	verb	be divided	diverge, branch																								
不能	adj	impossible	incapable, inefficient	incompetent																							
不能	noun	impossibility	incapability, inefficiency	incompetence																							
発電	noun	power generation (electricity)																									
発電	verb	to generate power																									
目指す																											
爆撃	noun	bombing, bombardment																									
爆撃	verb	bomb																									
ブレナン																											
ロニー																											
モアナ																											
デイビス	name	a transliteration of the English surname Davis																									
自慢	noun	pride																									
自慢	verb	brag, boast																									
旧	noun	old things, original state, former state, old times	the old calendar based on a lunar system																								
旧	prefix	paleo-, ex-, old, previous, former																									
訪ねる	verb	call on someone, visit																									
下る	verb	descend	hand down an order, issue, sentence	have diarrhea	surrender																						
大臣	noun	Same as だいじん (daijin) above	a chief consul in the ancient Yamato court, equivalent to and replaced by 左大臣 (sadaijin) and 右大臣 (udaijin) during the Taika Reforms	a government minister of Japan or ancient China	a major retainer	a senior minister or superior in the 太政官 (Daijō-kan, “Great Council of State”), namely the 太政大臣 (daijō-daijin), 左大臣 (sadaijin), 右大臣 (udaijin), and 内大臣 (naidaijin)	a senior minister or superior in the 太政官 (Ōimatsurigoto no Tsukasa, “Great Council of State”)																				
衝突	noun	collision, crash	conflict of opinion																								
衝突	verb	to collide into, to collide with	to conflict	to have a conflict with someone																							
網	noun	net, netting																									
網	suffix	network																									
劇場	noun	theater (building where performances are given), playhouse																									
ブラウン	name	Brown; Braun																									
｣																											
魔術	noun	spellcraft, sorcery, witchcraft																									
ホードー																											
ジュディ																											
南上																											
ディナー	noun	a formal Western meal of the full course dinner	the main meal of the day often eaten in the evening																								
ボックス	noun	booth (enclosed table with seats at a restaurant)	box (compartment in a theater)	box (container)																							
善人	noun	good person; virtuous person	good-natured person																								
電力	noun	electricity																									
雌	noun	a female (plant or animal)	a female person; bitch	an internal socket																							
雌	affix	effeminate	female (plant or animal)																								
発作	noun	paroxysmal attack; epileptic seizure; a fit of coughing																									
発作	verb	to have such a fit																									
セクシー	adj	sexy																									
キャリア	noun	a career	a carrier	carrier																							
交通	noun	social intercourse	traffic	transportation																							
交通	verb	to have contact with other people, to engage in social intercourse	to travel along a specific route																								
販売	noun	sale, selling																									
販売	verb	sell																									
ゴースト	noun	a ghost																									
フューリー																											
苦しみ	noun	pain, suffering, sorrows																									
ファイン																											
																											
断つ	verb	to end	to sever																								
役割	noun	role																									
パソコン	noun	clipping of パーソナルコンピューター (pāsonaru konpyūtā, “personal computer”); a PC																									
取り組む	verb	work through, address, grapple with, deal with																									
入手	noun	obtaining; coming to hand																									
入手	verb	obtain																									
インタビュー	noun	an interview																									
インタビュー	verb	to interview																									
オレ																											
党	character	Mostly used in 党(タン)項(グート) (tangūto, “Tangut”)	political party																								
党	noun	alternative form of 屯	political party																								
党	suffix	political party																									
録	character	a record on tape	record or records; proceedings; annals	to write down, record, or register																							
スイート																											
バード	noun	bird																									
グレイ	adj	ambiguous	grey; gray (having a color somewhere between white and black, as the ash of an ember)																								
グレイ	noun	Grey alien	ambiguity	gray (SI unit of absorbed radiation)	grey; gray (color)																						
ウィック																											
ヒトラー	name	Hitler																									
エナジェム																											
クリプトン	noun	krypton, Kr																									
監督	noun	direction, supervision, control	director, supervisor, manager, superintendent																								
監督	verb	to direct; to supervise; to manage																									
埋葬	noun	burial (of a body or ashes)																									
埋葬	verb	bury (a body or ashes)																									
話し掛ける	verb	to address; to speak to	to start speaking																								
逃れる	verb	escape																									
君達	pron	you (plural)																									
端	noun	an edge; the beginning or end of something																									
パー	noun	coming to nothing; the state of having lost everything	open hand with fingers splayed	paper	par	short for パーセント (pāsento, “percent”)																					
コース	noun	course (stage of a meal)	itinerary	racecourse																							
引き金	noun	trigger (of a gun)	trigger (that initiates an event)																								
ゲイル																											
ロケット	noun	a locket (chained ornament)	a rocket (a rocket engine)																								
19																											
っ	combining_form	A glottal stop or “choked sound”.	The そくおん (sokuon): a small form of つ (tsu). In romanization, this is represented by doubling the following consonant. The equivalent in katakana is ッ.																								
っ	infix	very, super (inserted after the first syllable of an adjective, an adverb, or an ABAB-type onomatopoeia)																									
ナナ																											
不死	noun	immortality, deathlessness, eternal life, life without death																									
灰	character	ashes	cremate	puckery juice																							
灰	noun	ash																									
灰	affix	ash; ashes																									
ホット	noun	hot																									
ペット	noun	PET (polyethylene terephthalate)	a pet (an animal kept as a companion)	clipping of トランペット (“trumpet”)																							
達する	verb	reach, get up to																									
箇所	noun	a part	a passage (of a text)	a place, a spot	a point																						
ミルク	noun	dairy products such as condensed milk or powdered milk	milk, usually cow's milk																								
便	adj	convenient																									
便	noun	a convenience	a flight	bowel movement	facilities	mail	service																				
サイズ	noun	scythe	size																								
同然	noun	being equivalent																									
毛	character	hair, fur																									
毛	noun	hair, fur	one thousandth	one thousandth of a 割 (wari) (0.01 percent)	one thousandth of a 匁 (monme) (exactly 3.75 mg)	one thousandth of a 寸 (sun) (approximately 0.0303 mm)																					
日々																											
援助	noun	assistance, aid																									
援助	verb	assist, support																									
リーク	noun	leak (of information)																									
リーク	verb	to leak (information)																									
レーン																											
微	character	delicate																									
微	affix	tiny; small; minute																									
医学	noun	medicine (field of study)																									
エイミー	name	a transliteration of the English female given name Amy																									
ホスト	noun	a host (moderator)	a host (paid male companion offering conversation)	a host (person or organisation responsible for running an event)	a host (person who receives or entertains a guest)																						
スタニス																											
嫌る																											
騒ぐ	verb	to clamour	to make merry	to make noise																							
複数	noun	multipleness, manyness	the plural number																								
発信	noun	a broadcast, providing information																									
発信	verb	to transmit																									
造かる																											
使い	noun	a charmer	a user	an envoy; a messenger	using; usage; use; utilization																						
使い	suffix	-er; -ist; -ator; -mancer (user; manipulator; tamer)																									
使い	verb	stem or continuative form of 使う (tsukau)																									
一旦	adv	once	temporarily																								
一旦	noun	one time																									
表	noun	cover attached to a surface	documents presented to a monarch from a vassal or other foreign dignitary	facade; appearance; outside; exterior	first half, top (of an inning)	foreground	front (of a building), obverse side of a coin ("heads")	front room; living room	main entrance of a house; front door	outer clothing	outside a house; outdoors; street in front of a house	public; official	short for 表千家 (omotesenke) Foundation of Fushin-an	surface; face (visible side of an object)	table, chart, list												
表	suffix	front of something																									
とう																											
ショーン																											
サーシー																											
アンディ																											
汚染	noun	pollution; contamination																									
紳士	noun	(male) pervert	gentleman																								
議会	noun	a legislature (governmental body)																									
拾う	verb	to hail (a taxi)	to pick up	to pick up (a passenger)	to pick up (a sound)																						
始め	noun	beginning, the start of an activity or time period	origin, beginning of a thing																								
始め	intj	begin! used to announce the start of a race, an exam, and others																									
始め	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 始める (hajimeru)																									
庭	character	courtyard	garden	yard																							
庭	noun	a dirt-floored room at the entrance of a house	garden, yard	place where something is done	wide sea, a wide expanse (of the sea)																						
庭	name	a female given name	a surname																								
恋しい	adj	longed for, missed, felt homesick for																									
一言	noun	a (single) word, a few words																									
一言	verb	to say a few words																									
メート																											
配達	noun	delivery, distribution																									
配達	verb	to deliver, to distribute																									
伝統	noun	tradition, custom																									
降下	noun	descent																									
降下	intj	jump! (command when parachuting)																									
降下	verb	to drop, especially for the temperature to drop	to fall, to descend																								
制服	noun	uniform																									
90																											
あら	intj	oh; ah																									
ジョフリー																											
（慎																											
生涯	noun	a life	a specific period within one's life	the interval when one is alive; a lifetime																							
強化	noun	strengthening, intensification, buildup, reinforcement, augmenting																									
強化	verb	to strengthen																									
古代	adj	ancient	antique, old-fashioned																								
古代	noun	ancient times, antiquity, remote ages																									
座標	noun	coordinate																									
自宅	noun	one's own home																									
堂	noun	hall	shrine	temple																							
堂	prefix	magnificent (building)																									
切断	noun	cutting, cutting off, severance, amputation																									
切断	verb	cut, cut off, sever																									
地点	noun	site, point on a map, spot																									
泊まる	verb	stay, such as at a hotel; lodge																									
ドワーフ	noun	a dwarf (being from folklore, underground dwelling nature spirit)																									
死人	noun	a dead person, the dead																									
重力	noun	considerable strength or power	gravity, gravitational force																								
及び	conj	and, as well as																									
及び	noun	reach																									
解雇	noun	discharge, dismissal from employment																									
解雇	verb	lay off, dismiss, fire, sack																									
ワイルド	adj	wild, natural	wild, uninhibited																								
ワイルド	noun	wildness																									
ソロ	noun	solo	solo home run																								
粒子	noun	a particle (body with very small size)	a particle (elementary particle or subatomic particle)																								
貴族	noun	noble, aristocrat (one of the aristocracy)																									
肌	noun	human skin	surface of an object	temperament, nature																							
防御	noun	defence (UK), defense (US)																									
防御	verb	defend, provide protection, cover																									
可笑しな	adnominal	amusing; funny; ridiculous	strange; odd																								
手錠	noun	handcuffs (metal rings for fastening wrists)																									
ジョーク	noun	joke																									
ブレード	noun	blade	braid																								
メーン	noun	alternative spelling of メイン (mein, “main”)																									
えっ	intj	huh?, eh?																									
覚める	verb	become aware of something, become awakened to reality	become conscious	wake up from sleeping	醒める: (of a temporary impaired mental state) vanish; dissolve																						
ミッション	noun	mission	mission (task)	short for トランスミッション (toransumisshon)	short for ミッションスクール (misshon sukūru)																						
学者	noun	scholar																									
首相	noun	a prime minister; a chancellor																									
エアー																											
浮気	adj	cheerful and showy; capricious	fickle, unfaithful, disloyal																								
浮気	noun	capriciousness	extramarital sex, affair, fooling around	unfaithfulness, infidelity																							
浮気	verb	to be unfaithful, to cheat, to adulterate	to have an affair																								
カバー	noun	cover song	material to cover with (such as a cosy)																								
カバー	verb	to cover	to cover for; to make up for (a deficiency)																								
勤務	noun	work, duty, service at a company etc.																									
勤務	verb	to work for																									
ねた																											
勘違い	noun	misunderstanding, misconception																									
勘違い	verb	be under a misconception, mistake for, be misguided																									
飽きる	verb	get tired of, get bored of, have enough of																									
コーチ	noun	a coach (trainer)																									
ミア																											
カウント	noun	counting (regarding)																									
カウント	verb	to count (regard)																									
丘	character	Grave	Hill	Hillock	Mound																						
普上																											
サリー	noun	sari																									
探し	noun	search																									
探し	verb	stem or continuative form of 探す (sagasu)																									
サンダー	noun	thunder																									
ハンサム	adj	handsome (attractive, of men)																									
パック	noun	pack, package, carton																									
パック	verb	pack, package or group together																									
盲目	adj	blind																									
盲目	noun	blindness																									
選挙	noun	campaigning	election																								
選挙	verb	elect																									
及ぶ	verb	reach, extend to, cover, span, run to																									
沈む	verb	to be immersed	to droop	to feel downcast, dejected, depressed	to set	to sink; to go to the bottom																					
ロジャー	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Roger																									
図	noun	diagram, figure, illustration																									
白	noun	a performer's lines	a type of もつ焼き (motsuyaki) made from pig intestines	a white dragon tile	a white go stone	a 役 (yaku, “winning hand”) with a triplet or quad of white dragon tiles, worth 1 翻 (han, “double”)	an unlicensed prostitute	in the game of 人狼 (Jinrō, “Werewolf; Mafia”), one who is on the villagers' side	innocence	short for 白人 (hakujin): an amateur	short for 白書院 (shiroshoin): a specific kind of drawing room or study, using unpainted cedar wood with straight grain	short for 銀 (shirogane): silver	something unwritten	synonym of 塩 (shio): salt	the color white	the white team in a 紅白 (kōhaku) group											
白	prefix	Combining form of しろ (shiro) above:	innocent	normal, unspecial	pure	undyed, unpainted, unseasoned, etc.	white																				
白	adj	honest, serious; also the person who is honest or serious	normal, unspecial; also the person who is normal or unspecial in position, occupation, or condition	unapplied, undecorated; also the object that is unapplied or undecorated																							
白	affix	bright and clear	colorless, dirtless, markless	humbly say	sake cup	short for 白居易 (Haku Kyoi): Bai Juyi	white																				
相応	adj	appropriate, suitable, fit																									
相応	noun	appropriateness, suitability, fitness																									
蘇る	verb	to be reborn, reanimated, resurrected, or resuscitated	to become more active after declining																								
打																											
死因	noun	cause of death																									
スイッチ	noun	a change in method or thinking	network switch	switch of a railroad, point of a railroad	switch, a device to turn electric current on and off or direct its flow																						
スイッチ	verb	change one's methods or ways of thinking																									
重大	adj	grave, solemn	important, significant																								
重大	noun	importance, significance, seriousness, gravity																									
課	counter	chapters of a book	lessons																								
課	noun	lesson	section, department																								
課	suffix	lesson	section, department																								
スタート	noun	a start																									
スタート	intj	start! begin!																									
スタート	verb	start																									
散る	verb	to become distant, to fade away, to wane	to become scattered	to become separated and scatter, such as leaves or blossoms	to scatter, to become dispersed																						
祝い	noun	a celebration	a gift or present																								
温かい																											
レジェンド																											
物理	noun	physics, the physical aspects of a phenomenon or a system	short for 物(ぶつ)理(り)学(がく) (butsurigaku); physics, the branch of science concerned with the study of the properties and interactions of space, time, matter and energy																								
処分	noun	disposal	penalty, punishment																								
処分	verb	dispose of	punish																								
地震	noun	a shaking or trembling ground or earth	an earthquake																								
アレン																											
ナショナル	adj	national, of or for a nation or its citizens	national, state, of or having to do with a country	nationwide, throughout a country																							
ナショナル	name	NATIONAL, former name of Panasonic; Matsushita Electric																									
テラス																											
えぇ																											
ブレーク																											
偵察	noun	scouting, reconnaissance																									
偵察	verb	to scout, to spy upon, to reconnoiter																									
数百																											
腰	character	hips, loins, lower back																									
腰	affix	hips, loins, lower back																									
技	noun	technique, art, skill																									
凶器	noun	deadly item; weapon																									
狙撃	noun	sniping																									
狙撃	verb	shoot																									
追加	noun	addition; supplement																									
追加	verb	to append; to add to																									
脚	counter	counter for desks, chairs, long-stemmed glasses																									
脚	suffix	used in the names of moves that involve kicking																									
盗まれる																											
一瞬	noun	an instant	moment																								
矢	character	arrow																									
矢	noun	a wedge used to break hard objects such as wood or stone	a 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”) with various designs of arrows	an arrow																							
矢	name	a place name																									
マスター	noun	a manager; a barkeeper, a landlord (of a pub); a storekeeper, shopkeeper; an owner	a master (a person in charge; a skilled person)	a master (a person with a master's degree)	a master (owner of an animal, slave, or maid or butler)	a master's degree																					
マスター	verb	to master (to acquire complete knowledge or skill (in something))																									
祝う	verb	celebrate																									
黙示	noun	apocalypse, revelation	hint; suggestion																								
作用	noun	action, operation	effect	function																							
作用	verb	to act on																									
リズボン																											
飾る	verb	to decorate, adorn																									
プラン	noun	plan, a set of intended actions	plan, diagram, drawing, blueprint																								
勘弁	noun	forbearance	pardon																								
勘弁	verb	forbear	forgive																								
羽根																											
シャット																											
解読	noun	decipherment																									
解読	verb	to decipher																									
当局	noun	authority (persons in command; specifically, government)	this or our 局 (kyoku, “office”) – post office (郵便局), broadcasting station (放送局), etc.																								
若しくは	conj	or																									
御宅																											
文書	noun	(in palaeography) a written text between two parties	a document	a document, a written record	a letter, an epistle	a written text between two parties	the act of writing of a letter or correspondence	the writing in a letter or correspondence, especially the style or appearance																			
両手	noun	both hands; one's two hands																									
幸い	adj	favorable, ideal (often used in polite constructions)	very fortunate and happy, especially as bestowed by gods, spirits, buddhas, or other entities																								
幸い	adv	fortunately, luckily, happily																									
幸い	noun	an occurrence of good luck or good fortune	good luck or good fortune itself	the tail and back fins of a carp or other fish, as used in cooking	very good fortune and happiness, especially as bestowed by gods, spirits, buddhas, or other entities																						
しも	particle	Used for emphasis.																									
表わす																											
駒	noun	bridge (the piece, on string instruments, that supports the strings from the sounding board)	foal, young horse (or generally) horse	piece, man	someone controlled by another: a pawn, a puppet																						
ねす																											
ぅ	combining_form	Small combining form of hiragana う (u) used to explicitly specify the vowel part of the previous hiragana character, or to show a speaker's pronunciation or extension of that vowel.																									
チョコレート	noun	chocolate																									
だむ																											
クロエ																											
チーフ	noun	chief																									
ぴったり	adv	fine	synonym of ぴたり																								
ぴったり	adj	suitable, well-fitting																									
必死	adj	desperate, frantic, with all one's might	mortal																								
必死	noun	brinkmate	desperation	mortality																							
皮膚	noun	exterior surface	skin																								
心理	noun	mental state, mentality	psychology																								
パーク	noun	a park	an amusement park	parking a car	parking lot																						
パーク	name	a transliteration of the English surname Park																									
肺	character	lung																									
肺	noun	lung																									
高度	adj	high-class, advanced																									
高度	noun	height, altitude	high class, high grade, high degree																								
死刑	noun	capital punishment																									
兵隊	noun	soldier																									
サンプル	noun	sample																									
サンプル	verb	to sample																									
火事	noun	a fire (damaging occurrence of fire)																									
充電	noun	electrical charging																									
充電	verb	to charge or recharge (a battery or an electronic device)																									
ロビー	noun	lobby																									
診断	noun	diagnosis																									
診断	verb	to diagnose, to make a diagnosis																									
航海	noun	sailing, voyage																									
航海	verb	to sail, to go on a voyage																									
アーム																											
（速																											
500																											
皮肉	adj	ironic																									
皮肉	noun	irony	sarcasm																								
商売	noun	business	occupation																								
アボット	name	Abbott																									
１１																											
バッジ	noun	badge (distinctive mark)																									
用事	noun	errand; business																									
パイプ	noun	a go-between of two parties in contact	pipe (hollow tube)	tobacco pipe																							
祖母	noun	grandmother																									
月曜	noun	Monday	the moon																								
保存	noun	preservation																									
保存	verb	to save, to preserve																									
アカデミー	noun	an academy (learned society)	synonym of 学院 (gakuin, “academy”) (specialized school; college or university)																								
以下	noun	less than; at most, not more than, not exceeding	less than; of lower status	the following; "the [something] below" (such as text or a diagram)																							
イラク	name	Iraq (a country in Western Asia in the Middle East)																									
キングズランディング																											
黒人	noun	a black person (e.g. African-American)																									
公表	noun	official announcement, proclamation	publication																								
公表	verb	to announce, to proclaim	to publish																								
ジェット	noun	jet (airplane)																									
疑い	noun	suspicion																									
疑い	verb	stem or continuative form of 疑う (utagau)																									
意気	noun	disposition, willpower	spirits, especially high spirits																								
教わる	verb	to be taught																									
申し上げる	verb	to say																									
此奴																											
構える	verb	assume an attitude, have a certain manner	build, set up a building	level a gun or other weapon	scheme																						
苦手	adj	bad (at), poor (at), weak (at), uncomfortable with	hard to get along with (of a person)																								
苦手	noun	weak point																									
コア	noun	core	core (being central, crucial)																								
コア	adj	hardcore, passionate																									
こコ																											
今週	noun	this week																									
とく	suffix	contraction of ておく (-te oku)																									
免許	noun	license																									
原子	noun	atom																									
ジャズ	noun	jazz																									
ナンシー																											
トワイライト																											
ケージ	noun	a cage																									
衣装	noun	clothing																									
浮かぶ	verb	float	to present itself, come to mind																								
悪人	noun	bad person; villain																									
業	character	arts	performance	vocation	work, business, task, profession																						
業	noun	a Buddhist memorial service	a disaster, misfortune, calamity	a living, a job, what one does to earn a living	a matter or affair: implies a complication or problem	a move or technique in sumo, judo, kendo, or other competitive activity	a technique, a means of doing something	a work of great significance or intent	abbreviation of 業腹 (gōhara): resentment, resentful	an intentional act or action	karma	one's job, occupation, profession	profession, business, trade: what one does to earn a living	sin, misdeed	studies, scholarship ("being a scholar"), the arts	work, task, business: the job at hand											
業	name	a male given name																									
言い訳	noun	apology	excuse	explanation																							
言い訳	verb	apologize	give an excuse																								
ぉ	combining_form	Small combining form of hiragana お (o) used to explicitly specify the vowel part of the previous hiragana character, or to show a speaker's pronunciation or extension of that vowel.																									
新鮮	adj	fresh																									
新鮮	noun	freshness																									
ラジオ	noun	broke, having no money; dining and dashing (a wordplay on 無線 (musen, “wireless”) and 無銭 (musen, “moneyless”), replacing 線 (sen, “wire”) with its homophone 銭 (sen, “money”))	radiation (when used as part of a compound)	radio																							
夜明け																											
タトゥー	noun	synonym of いれずみ (irezumi, “image made in the skin with ink and a needle”)	tattoo (military display or pageant)																								
タトゥー	verb	synonym of いれずみ (irezumi, “to tattoo”)																									
ばん																											
発砲	noun	firing of a gun																									
発砲	verb	fire a gun, shoot a gun, discharge a gun																									
賭け	noun	bet	wager																								
態と	adv	on purpose, deliberately, intentionally																									
ボディー	noun	body																									
予備	noun	reserve (that which is reserved, or kept back, as for future use), spare, preliminaries																									
空ける	verb	to be emotionless; to be indifferent	to empty; to pour out	to make room; to leave space open	to vacate; to leave																						
ファイア																											
婦人	noun	madam; ma'am	wife																								
呪う	verb	to curse	to heal by praying	to pray that one avoids disaster	to pray that someone else comes across disaster; to curse someone else																						
リサ																											
速	character	fast, speedy																									
詰める	verb	to checkmate	to do something to the greatest extent	to draw together or nearer; to shorten or narrow	to finish; to complete	to make unable to escape; to corner	to stand by; to wait and be ready	to stuff; to fill; to cram																			
バイ	noun	bi; bisexual																									
バイ	intj	bye																									
監禁	noun	imprisonment, captivity, confinement, detention																									
監禁	verb	confine, imprison, keep in confinement																									
拡大	noun	increase	lengthening, expansion, extension	magnification																							
拡大	verb	increase	lengthen, expand	magnify																							
職場	noun	one's place of work, workplace	one's post, one's job																								
類	character	kind, sort, type, class, genus, order, family	similar example, parallel																								
類	noun	a conventional grouping that corresponds to a class or an order	a similar thing, parallel	kind, sort, type, the like	short for 類概念 (ruigainen)																						
短い	adj	common, not part of the aristocracy	short (in height)	short (in space, from one point to another)	short of attention: fickle, shallow-hearted, flighty	short on intelligence or maturity: dimwitted, dull; shallow, superficial	short, brief	short, brief (in length, such as a text or speech)	short, brief (in time)	short-tempered, impatient, impetuous																	
合格	noun	passing (as in a test)	suitability, eligibility																								
合格	verb	to pass (a test)																									
ストレス	noun	stress (emotional pressure)																									
スミス	name	Smith																									
ザック																											
ウェルズ																											
テア																											
ペンギン	noun	a penguin																									
面会	noun	face-to-face meeting																									
面会	verb	meet face-to-face																									
且つ	adv	and																									
勝負	noun	a competition; a game; a match	victory or defeat, the outcome of a match																								
勝負	verb	compete; have a match																									
人工	noun	man-made; artificial																									
泥	noun	abbreviation of 泥棒 (dorobō, “thief”)	marshland, swamp	mud																							
泥	name	a surname																									
脅かす	verb	frighten	put in danger, put in jeopardy	threaten, intimidate																							
晴れる	verb	to be cleared of negative emotion	to clear	to clear up; to dissolve	to get cleared of suspicion																						
針	noun	a hand or pointer (in clocks, watches, meters, compasses, etc.)	a hook, fishhook	a knitting needle	a needle used in medical injections	a phonograph needle (in record players)	a sewing needle	a sewing pin	a staple (wire fastener)	a stinger (in insects)	a thorn	any slender, pointed object resembling or similar in use to a needle:	embroidery, needlework	malice													
針	counter	counter for stitches																									
針	name	a placename	a surname																								
針	affix	alternative spelling of 鍼 (shin): acupuncture	pointed beam	sewing needle																							
鎖	noun	a bar or other device used to lock a door or gate	a chain	a connection, linkage, or continuation	a door or gate so closed and locked	a key used to lock or unlock such an opening	a metal bar used to lock shut a gate, door, chest, or other opening	a pill or tablet	a string of items tied together	the closing and locking of a door or gate	the part of the opening of a drawstring bag through which the string is passed																
鎖	affix	a chain, linkage, or continuation	a lock or barrier																								
鎖	counter	counter for pills or tablets																									
カット	noun	a cut (a reduction in extent)	haircut	shot																							
カット	verb	cut (reduce in extent)	cut hair																								
カット	intj	cut!																									
正式	adj	formal, official																									
正式	noun	formality																									
ちゃ	syllable	The hiragana syllable ちゃ (cha). Its equivalent in katakana is チャ (cha).																									
ちゃ	conj	contraction of ては (-te wa)																									
カップル	noun	romantic couple																									
リンク	noun	link																									
彼方此方	pron	here and there																									
彼方此方	adj	muddled	reversed, inverted, opposite																								
やん	verb	isn't it? right?																									
時刻	noun	time, the hour																									
今年	noun	this year, the present year																									
今年	adv	this year																									
新人	noun	new face, newcomer																									
軍団	noun	a corps																									
｢																											
ナ	syllable	The katakana syllable ナ (na). Its equivalent in hiragana is な (na). It is the twenty-first syllable in the gojūon order; its position is ナ行ア段 (na-gyō a-dan, “row na, section a”).																									
会計	noun	account (registry of pecuniary transactions)	check, bill (at a restaurant, etc.)																								
ボストン	name	Boston (a town in England)	Boston (the capital and largest city of Massachusetts, United States)																								
ウインター																											
マヤ																											
瑞希	name	a female given name																									
失す																											
親愛	noun	deep affection																									
グレース																											
残酷	adj	cruel																									
残酷	noun	cruelty																									
連続	noun	A sequence of things arranged in order; succession.	The act of following in sequence; succession.																								
連続	verb	happen consecutively																									
ヨーロッパ	name	Europe (a continent located west of Asia and north of Africa)																									
勧め	noun	solicitation for donations to erect and repair temples, Buddhist statues, etc.	suggestion, recommendation, advice																								
訴訟	noun	lawsuit (a case where a court is needed to resolve differences)																									
再生	noun	coming to life again	playback	recycle	regeneration	reproduction	reuse																				
再生	verb	to come back to life, to come to life again, to be reborn	to play back	to regenerate	to reuse																						
ミュータント																											
ジュールズ																											
ヘラクレス	name	alternative form of ヘーラクレース (Hērakurēsu, “Heracles”)																									
（速人																											
顧客	noun	regular customer; patron																									
移る	verb	to move (as moving one's place of residence); to migrate	to move (to a new topic); to shift (one's interests); to turn (to a new topic)	to permeate; (of colors and scents) to soak (through, into)	to transfer; to move to a new position within an organization; to change one's duties	移る, 伝染る, 感染る: to infect; to be infectious; to spread (as fire or illness)																					
ト	syllable	The katakana syllable ト (to). Its equivalent in hiragana is と (to). It is the twentieth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is タ行オ段 (ta-gyō o-dan, “row ta, section o”).																									
ト	noun	sol (musical note)																									
皮	noun	skin																									
固い	adj	hard	inflexible	strict	strong; firm	tight																					
称賛																											
キッチン	noun	kitchen (room)																									
余計	adj	excessive, unnecessary, unneeded, superfluous																									
余計	noun	excessiveness, needlessness																									
余計	adv	excessively, needlessly, even more																									
陪審	noun	a jury																									
検出	noun	detection																									
検出	verb	to detect																									
女房	noun	a nom de plume used by royalty, nobility, and other high-ranking authors in poetry contests, to avoid biasing the judges	a woman who works in the imperial household and is granted personal living quarters in the imperial grounds; (more generally) a female servant for a high-ranking household	one's female lover or love interest	one's own wife (in modern usage, often has humble nuances: generally not used when speaking to others to refer to another person's wife)	one's wife																					
爺	character	grandfather	old man																								
爺	noun	a grandfather	an old man; a geezer; a gramps																								
タワー	noun	tower																									
一切	noun	a one-time sexual liaison, a one-night stand	all, entirety, the whole, everything	in the Edo period, a set period of time sold for access to various entertainments in a red-light district	one act, one scene	one division, one step, one part of something	one moment, one time	one slice or cut of something	short for 一切遊び (hitokiri asobi): enjoying oneself in a red-light district during such a set time of access																		
一切	adv	once	wholly, entirely, completely, at all																								
ＯＫ																											
シーザー	name	Caesar																									
最中	noun	at its prime, midst	in one's prime	most active state, in progress, at one's best	the middle, midst, during	wafer cake filled with bean jam																					
最中	name	a female given name																									
築く	verb	to build up	to build up, to pile up, to amass	to construct (a castle, fort, etc.)																							
内側	noun	insideness	mediality	the interior; the inside; the inner part																							
宣言	noun	declaration																									
宣言	verb	to declare																									
虐待	noun	abuse																									
虐待	verb	abuse; maltreat; ill-treat																									
冒険	noun	adventure																									
冒険	verb	to take a risk																									
図書	noun	books																									
プラス	noun	a plus, a benefit, a gain, an asset	an addition	of a number, being positive																							
プラス	conj	plus, an operator in arithmetic																									
プラス	verb	add																									
ラッキー	adj	lucky																									
ラッキー	intj	expresses approval, appreciation, or happiness																									
聖	character	holy, sacred																									
聖	noun	a Buddhist priest or monk in general	a monk who has adopted an itinerant lifestyle for purposes of asceticism and spiritual enlightenment, supporting themselves by gathering alms and food contributions; by extension, an itinerant preacher monk from Mount Kōya	a monk who has gone into seclusion for purposes of asceticism and spiritual enlightenment	a sage	a saint; a holy person	a textile peddler (from the resemblance to itinerant 高野聖 (Kōya hijiri) Buddhist preachers who would carry everything on their backs)	a very virtuous or godly person; a saint	a virtuous or high-ranking Buddhist priest or monk	alternate name for 清酒 (seishu, “refined sake”)	an expert; someone distinguished in their field	holiness, sacredness	synonym of 清酒 (seishu, “refined sake”)	the emperor													
聖	adj	holy, sacred																									
聖	affix	short for 聖州 (“São Paulo (a state of Brazil)”) or short for 聖市 (“São Paulo (a municipality, the state capital of São Paulo, Brazil)”)																									
聖	prefix	prefix added to the names of saints																									
聖	name	a male given name																									
突破	noun	breaking through	overcoming	rising above, exceeding, breaking																							
突破	verb	break through	exceed, pass, break (a level, a mark)	overcome																							
快適	adj	comfortable																									
砂漠	noun	desert (barren area)																									
どころ	particle	highlights that the marked entity is an extreme example and at odds with the true nature of the situation; the time for; the place for																									
悲しみ	noun	sorrow, grief	愛しみ: love, affection																								
悲しみ	verb	stem or continuative form of 悲しむ (kanashimu)																									
従える	verb	potential of 従う (shitagau)	to bring someone with oneself; to make someone accompany oneself	to make someone obey; to subjugate																							
合流	noun	confluence, merger	regrouping																								
合流	verb	come together, merge	regroup																								
ピート																											
ティリオン																											
まい	suffix	volitive	will not, is not, is not, cannot be (indicates denial)																								
まい	adj	no good																									
田舎	noun	a hometown	a remote area with a small population	short for 田舎御樽 (inaka otaru): unrefined sake	short for 田舎汁粉 (inaka-jiruko): a red bean soup made with slightly crushed red bean paste	short for 田舎酒 (inakazake): sake made in the countryside; local sake	something crude or unrefined	the country (rural area), countryside	the country (rural area), countryside; a house in the countryside																		
突入	noun	the action of rushing in																									
突入	verb	rush in																									
揉める	verb	disagree, bicker	worry, fret																								
経営	noun	management																									
経営	verb	to manage, to run																									
盗聴	noun	eavesdropping	wiretapping, bugging																								
盗聴	verb	to eavesdrop	to wiretap, to bug a room, to spy on communications																								
主に	adv	mainly, primarily																									
逃走	noun	flight, getaway, escape																									
逃走	verb	to flee, to escape																									
列	noun	a column of a matrix	line, row																								
忠告	noun	advice																									
忠告	verb	advise																									
話し合い	noun	consultation, talk, talking something over																									
変わり																											
風呂	noun	bath; bathtub																									
グランド	noun	alternative form of グラウンド (“ground”)																									
さっ																											
ナイツウォッチ																											
ヤン																											
300																											
代償	noun	compensation	sacrifice, price																								
告げる	verb	to tell; to inform																									
祝福	noun	a blessing	a celebration of happiness	a prayer for happiness																							
祝福	verb	to bless someone or something																									
日曜	noun	Sunday	the sun																								
Ａ																											
助手	noun	a position in ancient Sumo performed at an imperial court	an assistant to a professor (but not a professor themselves)	assistant, helper	helper																						
臆	character	chest; breast; heart	timid; nervous; afraid	to repress one's mind; to be hesitant in one's thoughts																							
臆	affix	chest	guess; conjecture	timid; nervous																							
恋愛	noun	love, especially romantic or erotic love																									
恋愛	verb	to fall in love																									
表現	noun	expression (by words, facial, attitude)	performance (of actor, player, ...)	representation (of art, play, music)																							
表現	verb	express																									
起訴	noun	prosecution																									
起訴	verb	to indict																									
教師	noun	teacher																									
体験	noun	experience																									
体験	verb	to undergo an experience, to experience something, to go through																									
賞	noun	prize																									
賞	suffix	prize, award																									
ラップ	noun	a lap, one circuit around the track	a machine tool part made of relatively soft material, used for finishing or polishing	rap music	rapping	rapping (unexplained knocking)	short for ラップタイム (rappu taimu, “lap time”) (time taken to complete a single lap)	wrapping																			
ラップ	verb	to rap	to wrap																								
ス	syllable	The katakana syllable ス (su). Its equivalent in hiragana is す (su). It is the thirteenth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is サ行ウ段 (sa-gyō u-dan, “row sa, section u”).																									
どんどん	adv	drumming sound, boom, bang	steadily, one after another, rapidly																								
電車	noun	an electric multiple unit train	any train, regardless of power source																								
孤児	noun	an orphan																									
港	noun	a port, harbour; a place where boats can unload	a sluice; a section of a river to let water in and out	a stop																							
港	name	Minato (one of 23 special wards in Tokyo prefecture, Japan)	a male given name	an administrative district in Nagoya prefecture	an administrative district in Osaka Prefecture																						
黴	character	mold																									
黴	noun	mold																									
回避	noun	avoidance of a negative outcome	evasion (of responsibility, etc.)																								
回避	verb	to avoid	to evade																								
リア	noun	rear; the back or hindmost part																									
サイバー																											
協定	noun	an agreement, an accord, a convention																									
協定	verb	to make an agreement, to forge a pact																									
22																											
苛め	noun	bullying (persistent acts intended to make life unpleasant for another person)																									
苛め	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 苛める (ijimeru)																									
らら																											
同行	noun	accompaniment, going together	fellow pilgrim																								
同行	verb	to accompany, to go together																									
レナ																											
麗子	name	a female given name																									
死後	noun	after death																									
デー	noun	day (an observance lasting for a day, such as an annual holiday)																									
告発	noun	accusation; complaint (that someone has done something wrong)	indictment; prosecution (of someone for a crime)																								
告発	verb	charge, indict																									
フライト	noun	flight (journey made by an aircraft)																									
代金	noun	fee, payment, charge, price																									
ボビー	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Bobby																									
隠れ家																											
下着	noun	an inner robe	underwear, an undergarment																								
賞金	noun	prize money																									
暑い	adj	hot, baking (of weather)																									
少々	adv	a small amount																									
少々	phrase	Just a minute!																									
年齢	noun	someone's age																									
ギリシャ	name	Greece (a country in Southeast Europe)																									
フランシス	name	Frances	Francis																								
ポー																											
だって	particle	Expressing the idea that there are no exceptions; no matter	Indicating a certain object is included not as an exception, but in the general case; even, also	Indicating the things listed are in the same category; for example, things like	Used to emphasize a sense of disapproval or surprise.																						
だって	conj	I mean; after all	Used to make an argument or give an excuse while expecting the other party's opposition or counterargument; but, however; even so; the reason is																								
葬儀	noun	funeral																									
十字	noun	cross (shape)	short for 十字架 (jūjika)	sign of the cross	ten characters																						
逃げ出す	verb	to run away																									
繋ぐ	verb	to bind, to fasten, to tie	to connect (e.g. WiFi)	to connect, to tie together, to join	to hold (hands)	to keep (hope etc.) going, to keep alive	to put through, to connect (a phone call)																				
症状	noun	a patient's medical condition	a symptom																								
911																											
欲する	verb	in the form んと欲す (-n to hossu) (after the 未然形 (mizenkei, “incomplete form”) of a verb): to attempt to	to want, to desire																								
見付める																											
司法	noun	justice, judiciary, a national function																									
沈黙	noun	reticence	silence																								
沈黙	verb	be reticent	be silent																								
去年	noun	last night	last year																								
バイト	noun	a tool bit	byte	clipping of アルバイト (arubaito, “part-time job”)	the act of biting or chewing	the act of interlocking or fastening something (e.g. gears, fastener, etc.)																					
旦那	noun	a donation of money, goods, or service to monks or a temple	a master of servants, a boss of employees, the master of the house	a person who makes such a donation: a patron	a term used by a concubine, mistress, or geisha to refer to one's own patron: a sugar daddy	a term used by female servants to refer to the mistress of the house	also by extension, used by shopkeepers to address a male customer or by an artisan to refer to one's own school or lineage	broadly, a patron, a husband, a master:	by extension, a gentleman	by extension, an honorific for one's own or someone else's husband	generosity as one of the Buddhist perfections (पारमिता (pāramitā))	in the Japanese medieval period, overnight visitors to a shrine or temple															
続き	noun	sequel; continuation																									
パイ	noun	a pie (type of pastry)	pi																								
割	character	divide, cut	proportion																								
割	noun	proportion	tenth																								
割	affix	cut; division																									
，																											
スペイン	name	Spain (a country in Southern Europe, including most of the Iberian peninsula)																									
ハンニバル																											
カスパー																											
ド	syllable	The katakana syllable ド (do). Its equivalent in hiragana is ど (do).																									
ド	prefix	alternative spelling of ど																									
覆う	verb	to cover	to cover up, to conceal, to hide	to include everything	to permeate, to spread throughout																						
ガブリエル	name	Gabriel	a transliteration of the Latin male given name Gabriel or any of its variants in the European languages.																								
折角	adv	at great pains, going to great trouble																									
兆	character	omen	portent	sign	symptoms	trillion, 10¹²																					
兆	num	trillion (million million), 10¹²																									
ピン	noun	a pin, such as a hairpin, tie pin, bowling pin, or golf pin	an ace in cards or a "one" in dice	ping	the cut or percentage taken from something, the rake-off	the first or top item																					
玩具	noun	a toy, plaything																									
財布	noun	a container for one's money: a wallet, a coin purse, a billfold, a pocketbook																									
メディア	noun	media (the journalists and other professionals who compose the mass communication industry)																									
遅刻	noun	lateness, late coming																									
遅刻	verb	to be late																									
レイチェル																											
タイ	noun	short for ネクタイ (nekutai, “necktie”); a tie	tie (symbol)	鯛: sea bream																							
タイ	name	Thailand (a country in Southeast Asia)																									
聖書	name	the Bible																									
聖書	noun	a Bible																									
未知	noun	unknown																									
費やす	verb	to spend, to consume	to waste, to squander																								
玉	character	beauty, elegance	euphemistic term related to a partner	euphemistic term related to an Emperor of Japan	geisha	gem, jewel																					
玉	noun	a ball	a bead of an abacus	a bullet	a female entertainer (geisha, prostitute, etc.)	a geisha	a gem, jewel	a sphere	a stock being traded	an egg, especially of a chicken	an object of value	an orb	any spherical or similarly-rounded object:	chicken eggs used as food, especially as a topping for sushi	generic name for jadeite or nephrite	king	lens	short for 建て玉 (tategyoku)	short for 玉代 (gyokudai)	short for 金玉 (kintama): testicles							
玉	counter	counter for ramen and udon for one person																									
玉	name	a female given name	a place name																								
ドラマ	noun	TV drama, series	drama																								
手順	noun	procedure, program, process																									
刺する																											
漸く	adv	at last; at length; finally	gradually	scarcely; hardly; barely																							
マルコム																											
ターナー	noun	turner (utensil); spatula																									
ターナー	name	a transliteration of the English surname Turner																									
脛	character	shin																									
脛	noun	the front area of the leg between the knee and the ankle: the shin	the leg of a wild animal	the shin																							
チャン																											
性格	noun	character of human (personality), or of things.																									
ルーカス																											
ノック	noun	fungo	knock (abrupt rapping sound)																								
ノック	verb	to knock	to press down on the rear end of a mechanical pencil and dispense lead																								
敢ー																											
頂戴	noun	a humble reception or receiving of something	a humble submission, a humble contribution made to someone of higher status	to request: compare English please, gimme																							
頂戴	verb	to eat, to have a meal	to receive something																								
突っ込む	verb	delve into, go deeply into	plunge into	riposte	stick one's nose into	thrust into, stuff, cram																					
ラムジー																											
集会	noun	assembly, congregation																									
集会	verb	assemble																									
クリスタル	noun	a crystal	crystal																								
進展	noun	advance, progress																									
進展	verb	to advance, to progress, to develop																									
映る	verb	to be reflected in, to be reflected on	to be seen, to be visible, to be displayed																								
茸	noun	a mushroom	the flesh of an animal	vegetable, greens																							
茸	name	NTT Docomo	a kyogen play																								
話題	noun	subject of conversation	topic																								
評判	noun	reputation																									
建設	noun	construction, building (of a dam, bridge, or other large project)	establishment of an organization																								
建設	verb	construct, build (a large project, e.g. a dam, a bridge, a skyscraper, etc.)	establish an organization																								
遮断	noun	isolation, interruption																									
遮断	verb	cut off, interrupt, shut out																									
演技	noun	performance																									
演技	verb	to perform																									
折る	verb	to bend, to fold																									
でかい	adj	huge, big, severe, intense																									
煙	noun	smoke																									
煙	affix	fog, mist	smoke	soot	tobacco, tobacco products such as cigarettes or cigars																						
煙	counter	house																									
毎晩	adv	every evening																									
習う	verb	to learn, to receive instruction in																									
族	character	family	tribe																								
族	noun	ellipsis of 暴走族	group (column in the periodic table)	tribe																							
デス																											
閉じる	verb	to shut, to close	to write a Japanese word using kanji																								
ブレナー																											
（美咲）																											
神聖	adj	holy, sacred																									
神聖	noun	holiness, sacredness, sanctity																									
巣	character	nest																									
キム	name	a transliteration of the English unisex given name Kim	a transliteration of the Korean surname 김(金) (Gim), Kim																								
抑	character	suppress																									
成果	noun	accomplishments, results, achievements																									
漏れ	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 漏れる (moreru)																									
漏れ	pron	alternative form of 俺 (ore)																									
頼み	noun	reliance, dependence; hope	request																								
純粋	adj	innocent	pure, unmixed, genuine	selfless, pure																							
純粋	noun	innocence	purity	selflessness, purity																							
発言	noun	comment																									
発言	verb	to make remarks, to say																									
青	character	blue, cyan, azure	east	green	immature, unripe, young	publication, record																					
青	noun	a beast that looks like a weasel, and is said to have lived in present-day Fukuoka and Yamaguchi prefectures	a beast that looks like a wolf, and is said to have appeared around Mount Yoshino	a blue card in 天正カルタ (Tenshō karuta)	a shade of blue to blue green	blue	green	one of three primary colors	short for 青信号 (aoshingō): green light (traffic light color, as the color of plants)	short for 青本 (aohon, “a blue-green covered book containing summaries of plays, histories, and legends”)	short for 青短 (aotan): one of the three hanafuda cards bearing a blue 短冊 (tanzaku, “narrow card used for poetry”); a 役 (yaku) of the three aotan cards, worth 3 points	short for 青銭 (aosen, “a 4 mon coin in circulation from 1768”)	the black, bluish color of a horse's hair; also, such a horse	the color blue													
青	prefix	unripe, young																									
青	name	a female given name	a surname																								
言語	noun	language, speech	langue																								
役目	noun	role, duty, function																									
見なさく																											
ロボ																											
ティー	noun	The name of the Latin-script letter T/t.	a tee	synonym of 茶 (cha, “tea”) (drink made from leaves of tea plant)																							
大物																											
検死	noun	autopsy																									
検死	verb	to do an autopsy, to examine a corpse																									
大尉	noun	a captain (army or air force officer with a rank between the most senior grade of lieutenant and major)	a lieutenant (naval officer whose rank is above that of ensign in the Navy and below that of a lieutenant commander)	the senior 判官 (jō, “third-in-command”) of the 兵衛府 (Hyōefu) or the 衛門府 (Emonfu)																							
野生	noun	being or growing wild																									
野生	verb	be or grow wild																									
ウォルター	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Walter																									
ハッチ																											
ヒロ																											
（山里																											
勤める	verb	to be engaged, to work (for)																									
自体	adv	from the start																									
自体	noun	itself, the thing in itself																									
包囲	noun	encirclement																									
包囲	verb	besiege, surround																									
部長	noun	A department chief within a company; analogous to a vice president in an American company.	The head/leader of a 部 (bu) – division, school club, etc.																								
間抜け	adj	slipshod, careless, stupid, idiotic																									
間抜け	noun	an idiot, a moron, a fool, a blockhead																									
頑固	noun	stubbornness																									
頑固	adj	stubborn																									
収穫	noun	harvest, crop; harvesting	result, gain obtained through some act(s) or endeavor																								
収穫	verb	harvest, reap, bring in																									
地位	noun	position in society, social standing, social status	the location or site of something																								
確率	noun	probability																									
ウォー	noun	war																									
ウォー	intj	whoa; stop (sweeping)	wow; whoa																								
送れる																											
小僧	noun	kid, brat, youngster	servant boy in a merchant house (now obsolete)	young/novice Buddhist monk																							
院	character	institution																									
院	affix	Short for 病院 (byōin), 大学院 (daigakuin), etc.	institution	mansion																							
院	noun	ex-emperor, ex-empress, or someone entitled as equal to emperor or empress in cloister	short for 大学院 (daigakuin)																								
院	suffix	institution	temple																								
ジャンプ	noun	a jump																									
ジャンプ	verb	to jump																									
行成																											
モンロー																											
涙	character	tears																									
涙	noun	tear, teardrop																									
涙	verb	to cry, to weep																									
事する																											
ピザ	noun	fatty; fatso	pizza																								
大人しい	adj	good-tempered, gentle, mild	obedient, docile	quiet																							
儀式	noun	ritual; ceremony																									
陰謀	noun	conspiracy	plot																								
競技	noun	competition, match, contest	type of sport, discipline (sports), sports (in general)																								
分間																											
丸	character	circle	pill	round	whole																						
丸	noun	a Japanese unit of counting washi	a Japanese unit of weight	a circle	a day where prices are doubled in a red-light district	a meatball, fishball	a pill	a round object	a soft-shell turtle	a sphere, ball	all, whole	any non-perfectly round objects, such as an oval	any round object:	coins, money	enclosure inside a castle's walls	fullness, wholeness	meeting specific conditions	money	something correct, good, or right	term relating to completeness:	the "○" symbol, equivalent to a check mark in some other languages	the circular outline of a Japanese crest	the 。 mark, or 句点 (kuten, “full stop, period”)	the ゜ mark, or 半濁点 (handakuten, “semi-voicing mark”)			
丸	prefix	whole, complete																									
丸	suffix	alternative spelling of 麻呂 (maru): attaches to names of persons or objects expressing dearness	suffix for ship names																								
丸	name	a surname																									
丸	pron	alternative spelling of 麻呂 (maru): first-person singular, I, me																									
丸	adj	all, whole	plump and thick	round																							
丸	affix	round; circular																									
中断	noun	cancellation	interruption																								
中断	verb	to discontinue, to abort	to interrupt																								
具体	noun	something concrete, tangible																									
恐竜	noun	a dinosaur (animal of the clade Dinosauria)																									
暮れる	verb	to be overwhelmed by an emotion, to be lost in thought	to end, to near the end (of a period of time, such as a season, day, year, or life)	to get dark, (of night) to fall	眩れる, 暗れる: to become depressed, to become dreary of mood																						
野球	noun	a baseball (ball used in the game)	baseball (ball game)																								
真似る	verb	to imitate																									
長年	noun	a long lifespan	many years																								
長年	adv	for a long time																									
優勝	noun	a first-place victory, particularly in a championship; winning the title																									
優勝	verb	to win, to get first place or take the championship																									
分離	noun	segregation	selectivity or sensitivity in a radio or similar device for certain frequencies	separation																							
分離	verb	to segregate	to separate																								
タンク	noun	tank (container)	tank (military vehicle)																								
ハ	syllable	The katakana syllable ハ (ha). Its equivalent in hiragana is は (ha). It is the twenty-sixth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is ハ行ア段 (ha-gyō a-dan, “row ha, section a”).																									
ハ	noun	do (musical note)																									
ストリート	noun	street																									
オープン	adj	open																									
オープン	noun	the opening of a business or shop																									
オープン	verb	open	reveal																								
アウト	noun	an outside lane, a course other than the racing line	out; state in which a batter is removed from play	the front nine; the first nine holes of an 18-hole golf course	the outside lane or track in sports																						
アウト	adj	unacceptable; inappropriate																									
野獣	noun	beast (non-human animal)																									
フック	noun	hook (golf shot that curves unintentionally)	hook (rod bent into a curved shape)	hook (type of boxing punch)																							
商品	noun	item or commodity for sale, merchandise																									
作成	noun	production, creation																									
作成	verb	to produce, to create, to draw up, to prepare																									
ライオネル																											
給料	noun	salary																									
アドバイス	noun	advice																									
ハンマー	noun	hammer (device made of a heavy steel ball attached to a length of wire, and used for throwing)	hammer (tool)																								
預ける																											
引き上げる	verb	pull up, lift up	raise, promote	to go back; to go home	withdraw																						
絶滅	noun	extinction; annihilation; elimination																									
絶滅	verb	to go extinct; to be annihilated; to be eliminated																									
発明	noun	invention																									
発明	verb	to invent																									
ライオン	noun	a lion																									
各	character	each	either	every																							
各	prefix	each																									
クリスティン																											
地帯	noun	area, zone	climate, latitude																								
な.																											
フォックス	noun	fox																									
ボーンズ																											
キリスト	name	Christ																									
ちんこ	noun	a penis.	a short person																								
ピーターソン																											
職員	noun	staff, personnel member																									
サ	syllable	The katakana syllable サ (sa). Its equivalent in hiragana is さ (sa). It is the eleventh syllable in the gojūon order; its position is サ行ア段 (sa-gyō a-dan, “row sa, section a”).																									
昨晩	noun	last night																									
プロジェクト	noun	project (planned endeavour)																									
下ろる																											
ちび	noun	kid, squirt, pipsqueak	short person, runt	something small																							
イベント	noun	a scripted event, a cut scene	event (action which triggers an event handler)	event (social event)																							
睡眠	noun	sleep																									
溢れる	verb	to have in abundance	to overflow																								
懐かしい	adj	dear, beloved, cherished, sweet	nostalgic, reminiscent of good memories, missed, longed for, yearned after																								
頭痛	noun	a headache (pain or ache in the head)																									
48																											
湖	character	lake																									
湖	noun	a lake (body of water)																									
遣る気																											
一々	noun	one by one, each and every, in detail																									
一々	adv	one by one, each and every																									
意外	adj	surprising, unexpected																									
意外	noun	unexpectedness																									
皇帝	noun	East Asian empress regnant	emperor (of a country other than Japan)	the Emperor																							
盛り	noun	heap, pile	heat	helping, serving	the height, peak, prime																						
盛り	verb	stem or continuative form of 盛る (moru)	stem or continuative form of 盛る (sakaru)																								
真ん中	noun	center; core; dead center																									
回り	noun	circulation, rotation	jess	relating to something else	side dish	surroundings	周り: circumference, perimeter, edge	周り: surroundings	回り, 廻り: detour	回り, 廻り: rotation, circulation; function	回り, 廻り: round, regular visit	回り, 廻り: spreading, extending further	回り, 廻り: transport route														
回り	suffix	a little, a bit	circumference, perimeter	duodecennium, a period of twelve years, referring to the twelve zodiac animals that can be someone's birth year	the round of something or someone	unit of size in clothing	via, by way of a place																				
回り	verb	stem or continuative form of 回る (mawaru)	stem or continuative form of 回る (motōru)																								
キース	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Keith	a transliteration of the English surname Keyes																								
王女	noun	a princess (king's daughter)																									
悟空																											
																											
料	character	fee	materials	to anticipate, to expect (はかる)																							
料	suffix	fee, cost	material of something																								
懸命	adj	with all one's might																									
懸命	noun	with all one's might																									
かも	particle	short for かも知れない (ka mo shirenai, “may, might, perhaps”)																									
堪る	verb	to refrain; to restrain oneself																									
アレク																											
変ない																											
領域	noun	domain	field (area of expertise)	realm, territory, occupied area																							
本能	noun	an instinct																									
牧師	noun	clergyman, pastor, minister, etc.																									
述べる	verb	to express or state something																									
問う	verb	to accuse (of a crime)	to ask; to inquire	to care (about), have regard (for)																							
頃ずる																											
雑誌	noun	a journal (newspaper or magazine)																									
低	character	humble	low	short																							
近付ける																											
永久	adj	eternal																									
永久	noun	permanence; continuing forever; being timeless; being eternally unchanging; eternity																									
永久	name	the Eikyū era, 1113–1118																									
留守	noun	absence																									
留守	verb	be absent, be out																									
志願	noun	volunteering	wishing for																								
志願	verb	apply for, volunteer for	wish for																								
仕込張る																											
兄貴	noun	a big bro (gang leader)	a big brother (someone who is considered one's senior)																								
兄貴	name	A nickname for older or muscular men, but especially including	A nickname for older or muscular men, but especially including:	Billy Herrington, gay porn actor																							
宗教	noun	religion	the Buddha's doctrine and teachings; the doctrine and teachings of a specific Buddhist denomination																								
空腹	adj	hungry																									
空腹	noun	hunger																									
捕虜	noun	a prisoner of war																									
指令	noun	command	commander	direction, order																							
指令	verb	to direct, to order																									
昼	noun	ellipsis of 昼ご飯 (hiru gohan) or 昼飯 (hirumeshi, “lunch”)	the daytime	the heyday or peak period of something	午: the noon, midday																						
昼	affix	day, daytime	noon, midday																								
マット	noun	mat	matte																								
マット	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Matt																									
基づく	verb	be based on																									
クラーク	noun	kulak																									
																											
カレン	noun	Karen (a people of Myanmar)																									
カレン	name	a transliteration of the English female given name Karen	a transliteration of the English surname Cullen																								
洞窟	noun	cave																									
だらけ	suffix	covered with																									
土曜	noun	Saturday	planet Saturn																								
ペニー	noun	penny																									
貨物	noun	freight, cargo																									
70																											
ヒル																											
同情	noun	sympathy																									
同情	verb	to sympathise																									
例外	noun	exception																									
小か																											
落ち	noun	slip, omission	the point or ending of a story or a joke																								
落ち	verb	imperfective and stem (or continuative) forms of 落ちる (ochiru)																									
エミリー																											
悪党	noun	villain																									
サー																											
着替える	verb	to change clothes																									
ダイヤ	noun	a dyer	clipping of ダイヤグラム (daiyaguramu, “posted schedule for a form of transportation such as a train or airplane”)	clipping of ダイヤモンド (daiyamondo, “diamond”)	diamonds	timetable																					
ベイマックス																											
丶	character	dot	tick or dot radical No. 3 (てん, ten)																								
汚れる	verb	to be defiled, to lose purity, to get dirty	to get dirty, to become dirty	to lose one's chastity																							
テレサ																											
有能	adj	able, capable																									
有能	noun	skill																									
部門	noun	division, group, branch																									
術	character	art	magic	means	resources	skill	technique	trick																			
術	noun	art	means, way	technique	way, means																						
数千																											
見守る	verb	to look after	to watch intently																								
刑	character	penalty, punishment	to execute (to kill as a penalty)	to punish																							
刑	noun	punishment																									
刑	suffix	punishment; sentence; penalty																									
スカウト	noun	a scout (member of the scout movement)	a scout (one who identifies promising talent)																								
スカウト	verb	to recruit	to recruit into the sex industry																								
帰還	noun	one's return home	repatriation																								
帰還	verb	to be repatriated	to return home																								
満つ	verb	for the moon to wax	to be full, mature	to fill	to finish something at a predetermined time	to rise	to satisfy (a request, wish, etc.)	to wax																			
ベス																											
偽物	noun	something fake; counterfeit; a forgery																									
周辺	noun	circumference	peripheral	periphery, outskirts, circumference, surrounding portion, edges																							
トランク	noun	a trunk line	trunk (of a car); boot	trunk, suitcase																							
バーグ																											
ペン	noun	a pen (writing instrument)																									
モニター	noun	monitor																									
年寄り	noun	an elder	an elderly person																								
落ち込む	verb	be in a slump (e.g. an economic slump)	fall (into a hole)	sink	to feel sad																						
アンジェラ																											
ボル	noun	clipping of ボルシェビキ (borushebiki, “a bolshevik”)	clipping of ボルシェビズム (borushebizumu, “bolshevism”)																								
モーゼ																											
ダンバース																											
様々																											
舌	character	clapper of a bell	reed of a woodwind (musical instrument)	tongue																							
舌	noun	tongue																									
国防	noun	national defense																									
大声	noun	loud voice																									
欲	character	want																									
欲	noun	ambition, will	desire, a want, that which is wanted	greed, avarice																							
葉	noun	a season, an age: a shorter period of time within a longer one	an administration: the period of time during which a certain person holds a certain office	leaf, needle, blade (of a plant)																							
葉	counter	counter for flat, thin things such as leaves or paper	counter for small boats																								
クイーン	noun	a queen																									
チキン	noun	chicken (chiefly as food)																									
誤り	noun	mistake	misunderstanding																								
誤り	verb	stem or continuative form of 誤る (ayamaru)																									
解明	noun	solution																									
解明	verb	figure out, determine, solve, clarify																									
処置	noun	disposal	measures																								
処置	verb	dispose of	take measures																								
再開	noun	reopening	resumption																								
再開	verb	to reopen	to resume, restart																								
買い物	noun	purchased goods	shopping, buying																								
買い物	verb	to shop, to buy																									
離陸	noun	takeoff																									
離陸	verb	for an airplane to take off																									
ソース	noun	Worcestershire sauce	sauce (liquid condiment)	source	source code																						
撤退	noun	evacuation, withdrawal																									
撤退	verb	evacuate; withdraw; fall back																									
相	character	appearance, look	mutual, reciprocal, with one another																								
相	noun	a habit, custom, or practice	a phase, as of matter	an aspect of something	appearance, how something looks	fate, destiny	grammatical aspect	nature, personality, characteristic	the central supporting branch of an ikebana arrangement	the good and bad of a person, especially one's faults																	
相	suffix	minister of state																									
1000																											
ツー	noun	dah of Morse code.	two																								
洋	character	foreign country	ocean	the West	vast, wide																						
洋	noun	alternative spelling of 灘 (nada): the open sea	an ocean	the East (Orient) or especially the West (Occident)																							
洋	name	a male or female given name	a surname																								
えー																											
中尉	noun	a first lieutenant	a flying officer	a lieutenant junior grade	a sub-lieutenant	a sub-lieutenant first class (equivalent to sub-lieutenant or lieutenant junior grade)																					
ディラン																											
（政子																											
児	character	child	newborn baby	young of animals																							
引つ																											
心当たり																											
カフェ	noun	coffeehouse, coffee shop, café																									
事項	noun	facts	matter (such as a subject of conversation), item																								
レオ	name	Leo																									
サマリタン																											
狩る	verb	to hunt																									
ハグ	noun	a hug, holding someone in one's arms																									
ハグ	verb	hug, hold someone in one's arms																									
ゲスト	noun	guest (invited visitor)																									
額	character	amount	forehead	frame																							
額	noun	framed picture	sum, amount																								
肉体	noun	body	flesh																								
不法	adj	illegal																									
不法	noun	illegality, injustice																									
ばっかり	particle	alternative form of ばかり (bakari)																									
ツアー	noun	a czar, a tsar	a tour																								
デッド																											
構造	noun	structure; construction																									
作家	noun	artist, potter	writer																								
δ																											
征服	noun	subjugation, conquest																									
征服	verb	to conquer																									
デニス	name	Dennis																									
ばら	noun	散: the state of being scattered or in disarray	肋: short for 肋肉 (baraniku): rib (meat, generally beef or pork)	薔薇, 荊棘: a rose, a rosebush																							
ばら	suffix	原, 輩, 儕: suffix for a title, indicating multiple people																									
建築	noun	architecture																									
建築	verb	to build; to construct																									
ビン	noun	瓶: bottle																									
ミリ	prefix	milli-																									
ミリ	noun	clipping of ミリメートル (mirimētoru, “millimeter”)																									
ミリ	counter	clipping of ミリメートル (mirimētoru, “millimeter”)																									
（美																											
コン	noun	onomatopoeia of sound of foxes																									
見失う	verb	to lose sight of something																									
フリ																											
匿名	noun	anonymity; pseudonym																									
にしろ																											
キャス																											
折れる	verb	to snap; to break																									
飼う	verb	to keep, have (a pet)	to raise; to feed (livestock etc.)																								
五	character	five																									
五	noun	a name of a hole of a wind instrument	five																								
縁	character	cause	destiny; fate	hem	karma	margin	reason																				
縁	noun	cause	connection, bond, tie	fate, destiny	relationship	縁, 椽: (Japanese architecture) a veranda or terrace surrounding a house: engawa																					
預かる																											
尊重	noun	respect, esteem																									
尊重	verb	have respect for																									
要する	verb	to require																									
賢明	adj	wise, clever																									
賢明	noun	wisdom, cleverness																									
ゲー	noun	ghe (Cyrillic letter Г)	short for ゲーム (gēmu, “game”)																								
痩せる	verb	for fertile land to become barren	to lose weight																								
訪れる	verb	for an occurrence to come, arrive	visit, call on, pay somewhere a visit																								
絶望	noun	despair; hopelessness																									
絶望	verb	to despair, to abandon, to lose all hope.																									
美人	noun	a beautiful woman, a beauty, a belle	a euphemism for a rainbow	a handsome man	an ideal ruler or sage, worthy of one's love and respect	in ancient China, the fifth of fourteen ranks for imperial ladies-in-waiting																					
再会	noun	meeting again - the situation of meeting someone at an interval.	reunion																								
再会	verb	to meet someone again - meet at an interval.	to reunite																								
マズい																											
ばらばら	adj	scattered (into separate parts), in disarray, messy, messed up																									
ばらばら	adv	all over, messily, in a messed up manner	continuously	evocative of many things moving about at once																							
アルバート	name	a transliteration of the English male given name Albert																									
パリッシュ																											
きちんと	adv	accurately, neatly																									
きちんと	verb	be neat, precise, regular, orderly																									
玄関	noun	synonym of 玄関 (genkan, “entrance hall”)	the entrance to a Zen Buddhist temple	the entrance to a profound path; in particular an introduction to the Zen Buddhist discipline	the front entrance of a Japanese home; usually recessed into the floor																						
壊す	verb	to break, destroy, ruin, wreck (something)																									
ループ	noun	loop																									
ロープ	noun	rope	rope bag																								
極めて	adv	exceedingly	surely, certainly																								
本人	noun	a ringleader, the lead instigator or conspirator	the main person, the leader	the person themselves, that person himself or herself, the person in question, the relevant person, the person concerned																							
六	character	six																									
六	noun	six	the sixth hole of a wind instrument																								
評議	noun	a conference																									
評議	verb	hold a conference																									
外交	noun	diplomacy (art of conducting international relations)																									
登場	noun	appearance in a scene or situation; arrival	entrance in a performance																								
登場	verb	appear in a performance, for a character to enter	enter the scene, arrive																								
天気	noun	fine weather	weather																								
フィールド	noun	field	field (area for playing a game or holding a competition)	field (land area)																							
フィールド	name	Field																									
パズル	noun	puzzle (type of game; includes jigsaw puzzles, etc.)																									
ビッグ	adj	big (large or extensive)	remarkable, striking																								
オリンピック	name	the Olympics																									
砂糖	noun	sugar																									
最強	noun	the strongest																									
中継	noun	a live relay broadcast (short for 中継放送)	taking over halfway through																								
中継	verb	to relay a broadcast (short for 中継放送)	to take over halfway through																								
干渉	noun	interference																									
干渉	verb	to interfere																									
ゴールド	noun	gold	gold (color/colour)																								
ドライバー	noun	driver, a person who drives a vehicle	driver, a program acting as interface between an application and hardware	screwdriver																							
イスラム	noun	the state of being Islamic																									
ケイトリン																											
セバスチャン																											
奴等	pron	they, those guys																									
包む	verb	to do up	to pack	to wrap																							
魔力	noun	magical power/strength																									
ねり																											
かな	particle	expresses a question with a feeling of worry	expresses affirmation: I hope, I wish	expresses confusion	expresses skepticism: really?, is it?	expresses wonder or postulation on the part of the speaker																					
並ぶ	verb	to form a line, to queue up	to match, to be equal to																								
応ずる	verb	answer, reply to	be in proportion to, depend on	consent, obey																							
攫う	verb	abduct	carry off; snatch away	monopolize; make a thing a person's own																							
つつ	particle	although, doing in spite of opposition	in the process of	while, -ing, for two actions happening at once																							
嵌める	verb	ensnare, trap, deceive	hoop, place a hoop around, enclose	put in place, fit into position	put on to one's body, pull on	ハメる: (informal, vulgar) fuck																					
幼い	adj	childish	immature; foolish	underdeveloped	very young																						
痛める	verb	be distressed	injure, hurt																								
アップロード	noun	an upload																									
アップロード	verb	to upload																									
ローン	noun	lawn, a grassy area	loan, a borrowed sum of money or other valuables																								
反撃	noun	counterattack																									
反撃	verb	do a counteroffensive, counterattack																									
ボクシング	noun	boxing (the sport of boxing)																									
苦しい	adj	difficult, strenuous, mentally trying	forced	mentally agonizing	physically painful, agonizing	tight (budget etc.), straitened																					
徒	character	a party, a gang	criminal, penal servitude	disciple	empty-handed	going on foot	only	useless, in vain																			
徒	adj	ephemeral, temporary	fickle, frivolous	in idleness	slack, lukewarm	the term of the 蕉風俳諧(しょうふうはいかい) (shōfūhaikai, “Bashō style haikai”) to indicate innocent and humorous style	unsatisfied because there is nothing to be; tasteless	useless, fruitless	useless, pointless, fruitless																		
徒	noun	a kind of women's hairstyle in the late Edo period	fellows, same kind people; a set, a party, a gang	obsolete form of かち (kachi): walking, going on foot	one of the punishments in the ancient Ritsuryō system; penal servitude																						
愛情	noun	attachment or attraction to a particular partner, erotic affection	love, affection																								
率	character	lead a group	ratio																								
率	suffix	rate, ratio																									
ＦＢＩ																											
トビー																											
ローレル																											
レクター																											
ドロイド																											
																											
極く																											
直前	noun	directly in front, directly ahead	just before																								
直前	verb	to go straight ahead	to proceed immediately																								
業界	noun	business, industry																									
離す	verb	separate, isolate, disconnect, keep apart																									
獲物																											
指名	noun	nomination, designation, choosing a person																									
指名	verb	nominate, designate, choose a person																									
材料	noun	a concrete material:	a factor influencing markets	a subject to write about	abstract material:	data	ingredients for food	materials for building something, such as furniture	news																		
誤る	verb	to be unreasonable or irregular	to become in a bad mood, to become troubled or despondent	to break a promise, to break one's word	to choose in the wrong direction	to deceive someone, to lead astray	to make a mistake, to err	to mistake one thing for another	to take something through deception, to deceive someone of something																		
シナリオ	noun	a scenario	a screenplay, a television or movie script																								
ジョーンズ	name	Jones																									
バット	noun	a bat	pan; tray (rectangular cookware)	synonym of ラケット (raketto, “paddle”)	synonym of 蝙蝠 (kōmori, “bat”) (small flying mammal)																						
召喚	noun	a subpoena	a summons (an order or action)																								
召喚	verb	to subpoena	to summon																								
信者	noun	a believer (of a religion)	zealot; fanatic																								
海賊	noun	pirate (one who plunders at sea)																									
アンテナ	noun	antenna (device to receive or transmit radio signals)	short for アンテナサイト (antena saito)																								
鉱山	noun	mine (place from which ore is extracted)																									
大分	adj	much, many																									
大分	adv	more than expected, extremely, considerably																									
大分	noun	a large amount, a great deal																									
大分	name	a prefecture in eastern Kyushu, Japan	Ōita (the capital city of Ōita Prefecture, Japan)																								
情熱	noun	enthusiasm, passion																									
開放	noun	openness, allowing free entry and exit	openness, frankness	openness, not being closed																							
開放	verb	be open and frank	open a door etc.	open, allow freedom of entry and exit																							
ラウンド	noun	round																									
競争	noun	competition; contest																									
競争	verb	to compete																									
勿体	noun	air of importance																									
手首	noun	wrist																									
ネーム	noun	a manga storyboard, focusing on the words in the speech or thought bubbles to help determine the drawing and frame layout	synonym of 名前 (namae): a name (word or phrase indicating a particular person, place, class or thing)																								
吊る	verb	hang																									
よ.																											
パニック	noun	panic																									
45																											
ゴメン																											
寄り																											
拍手	noun	applause																									
拍手	verb	to clap, to applaud																									
王様	noun	king																									
守護	noun	protection; safeguard																									
守護	verb	to protect																									
ラム	noun	RAM (random access memory)	lamb (young sheep)	lamb fur	lamb, mutton	rum (distilled spirit)																					
編集	noun	the compilation and editing of various materials to create a book, magazine, etc.																									
編集	verb	to edit																									
ショップ	noun	a shop																									
女優	noun	female actor, actress																									
ストロング																											
ロブ																											
伴う	verb	to accompany																									
資産	noun	property (something owned), assets																									
デザイン	noun	design																									
デザイン	verb	to design																									
メタトロン																											
下手	adj	humble	smaller or lesser in degree	superficial, halfhearted, half-assed, careless	unskilled, bad at, poor at, weak at, incompetent																						
下手	noun	a mistake, a poor result, a screwup	an underhand or lower hand hold, in which the wrestler's hand or arm is underneath or on the inside of the opponent's hand or arm	cheap, low-quality goods	downstage, specifically the left side of the stage as viewed from the audience	downstream; the lower portion of a slope	someone at a disadvantage or lower relative to another person, in terms of rank or ability	someone of low status or rank	the lower part, especially downstream or downwind																		
下手	verb	to lower one's hand onto something, to set one's hand onto something	to make a mistake, to screw up																								
母上	noun	mother (used in pre-Meiji samurai families)																									
サイド	noun	side																									
チ弟																											
争い	noun	conflict, fight, quarrel, strife																									
思考	noun	thinking; thought process; a train of thought																									
思考	verb	to think																									
フィッシュ																											
文化	noun	culture																									
文化	name	The Bunka era, 1804-1818																									
制限	noun	limit, restriction																									
制限	verb	to limit, to restrict																									
ゴーゴー																											
種族	noun	a kind (of things)	a race	a species	a tribe (group of people)																						
購入	noun	a purchase, the act of buying something																									
購入	verb	to purchase																									
マシュー																											
吸血	noun	bloodsucking																									
吸血	verb	to suck blood																									
継ぐ	verb	add, such as add charcoal to a fire	connect two things, graft, splice film, set a bone	mend clothing	succeed someone, inherit an operation, continue an action																						
都	noun	a capital (most important city in the field specified), an economic and political center, a metropolis	a capital city	a city, metropolis	short for 東京都 (Tōkyō-to): the capital prefecture of Tokyo	short for 都詰め (miyakozume): moving the 王将 (ōshō)/玉将 (gyokushō, “king”) to the center of the board with other pieces close together	the place of residence of the emperor																				
都	name	a female given name	a placename	a surname																							
都	affix	all, both, everyone, whole	capital city	city, metropolis	elegant, graceful, refined	gather, command																					
都	counter	counter for metropolis prefectures																									
解ける	verb	to be soluble	to be solvable	to be solved	to be untied, to be undone	to melt away, to be dispelled	to melt, to thaw																				
罪悪	noun	crime; sin																									
がり																											
野蛮	adj	barbarian, uncivilized																									
野蛮	noun	barbarism, brutality																									
被告	noun	defendant, the accused																									
仕舞い	noun	end; conclusion; termination																									
仕舞い	suffix	to end; to end up (not having done something)																									
博物	noun	natural history, wide learning																									
現代	noun	modern times, variously described as after the 19th century, after World War I, or after World War II, until the present																									
狭い	adj	narrow, confined	short	small																							
連行	noun	accompaniment (of a suspect by the police)																									
連行	verb	to accompany (a suspect)																									
スペース	noun	an interglyph space (space between glyphs)	outer space	space (a piece of type used to separate words)	space, area, room																						
追い詰める	verb	corner	hold an animal at bay, drive to bay	press, hunt down																							
たす																											
ソフト	adj	soft (gentle)	soft (giving way under pressure)																								
ソフト	noun	clipping of ソフトウェア (sofutowea, “software”)	clipping of ソフトボール (sofutobōru, “softball”)																								
史上	noun	in history																									
27																											
至急	adv	forthwith, ASAP																									
至急	noun	emergency, urgent case																									
け	syllable	The hiragana syllable け (ke). Its equivalent in katakana is ケ (ke). It is the ninth syllable in the gojūon order; its position is か行え段 (ka-gyō e-dan, “row ka, section e”).																									
け	particle	(question particle)	alternative form of っけ (kke, “a particle indicating that the speaker is trying to recall information”)																								
け	verb	come! (imperative form, equivalent to mainland 来(こ)い (koi))																									
費	character	cost, expense																									
費	suffix	cost, fee																									
固定	noun	fixation, fixedness																									
固定	verb	to fix, to settle																									
領主	noun	a lord in a feudal society; feudal lord																									
リーガン																											
ソル	name	Sol (our sun)																									
																											
業者	noun	manufacturer, contractor, maker	vendor, merchant, dealer																								
分け																											
対抗	noun	opposition																									
対抗	verb	to oppose																									
無用	adj	forbidden, no (...ing)	unnecessary; needless	useless																							
無用	noun	forbiddenness; being forbidden	needlessness	uselessness																							
美味	adj	delicious, tasty, scrumptious; yummy																									
美味	noun	delicious food, fine cuisine																									
不快	adj	spoiled, rotten	ungrateful, displeased	unpleasant, noxious, nasty																							
不快	noun	discomfort, indisposition	displeasure, undesirability, revolt, dysphoria																								
保持	noun	keeping, holding, conservation, retention	maintenance																								
保持	verb	keep, hold, conserve	maintain																								
並み																											
元々	adv	originally, from the start																									
元々	noun	original state from the start																									
オール	noun	all (of something), everything	all-nighter	oar	operating or staying up all night, all-night																						
オール	verb	pull an all-nighter																									
腐う																											
インターネット	noun	internet																									
シルバー	noun	an item made of silver	being for the elderly	being silver	the color silver																						
致命	noun	a sacrifice of one's life	loss of life	something fatal, deadly, mortal, lethal																							
継続	noun	continuation																									
継続	verb	continue	proceed																								
イラ																											
退避	noun	evacuation																									
退避	verb	to take shelter, to evacuate																									
バーンズ																											
比べる	verb	to communicate heart to heart	to compare, contrast	to compete, contend																							
暴行	noun	Assault.	Rape.	Violence, outrage.																							
暴行	verb	To assault, to make an assault (on).	To rape.	To use violence (on), to commit an outrage (on).																							
イョーザ																											
ヘッド	noun	head (chief)	head (front part)	head (part of a tape deck)	head (part of the body)	heading																					
４０																											
モリス																											
体重	noun	body weight																									
アフガニスタン	name	Afghanistan (a landlocked country between Central Asia and South Asia)																									
スピーチ	noun	a speech, an address, a talk																									
23																											
悪者																											
ぶっ																											
パーカー	noun	a parka																									
チェス	noun	chess (specifically Western chess as opposed to shōgi)																									
潜水	noun	going underwater																									
潜水	verb	to dive, to submerge																									
タップ	noun	tap	tap; multi-outlet																								
タップ	verb	to tap																									
竜	noun	a Chinese dragon	a Japanese dragon	a 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”) with a Chinese dragon design	short for 竜王 (ryūō): dragon king; a promoted 角行 (kakugyō, “bishop”) that has the moves of both kakugyō and 王将 (ōshō)/玉将 (gyokushō)	synonym of ドラゴン (doragon): a Western dragon																					
竜	affix	dinosaur	dragon	hero	imperial																						
竜	name	a male given name	a surname	short for りゅう座 (Ryūza): the constellation Draco																							
報復	noun	revenge; retribution; retaliation																									
報復	verb	to take revenge; to retaliate																									
八	num	eight, 8																									
八	noun	eight	short for 八の字	short for 八兵衛																							
昼食	noun	lunch, luncheon																									
雲	noun	a cloud (visible mass of water droplets or other related material suspended in the air)	a mochi rice cake	a person or object of higher rank or status	a style of 家紋 (kamon, “family crest”) with a design of cloud(s), usually associated with major Buddhist temples	of how clouds are high above in the sky:	of how clouds are widely spread:	something clouded, foggy, or gloomy	something clouded, obscure, or unusual	something spreading over like clouds in the sky	the sky, heavens	the smoke during cremation that is thought to be the soul of the deceased person ascending into the heavens															
雲	name	a female given name	a surname																								
雲	affix	cloud	high, tall, far-off, or distant	short for 出雲国 (Izumo-no-kuni): Izumo Province																							
ハック	noun	hack																									
ハック	verb	hack																									
部品	noun	part, component, short for 部分品																									
ムダ																											
特徴	noun	characteristic																									
食らう	verb	to get (something undesirable)	to get exiled	to gobble	to live																						
統治	noun	rule, governance																									
統治	verb	to rule, to govern																									
周囲	noun	a perimeter	surroundings; the surrounding area																								
製品																											
崇拝	noun	admiration, reverence	worship, cult																								
崇拝	verb	admire, revere, venerate, idolize	worship																								
照準	noun	one's aim, a sight at something																									
照準	verb	set one's sights, aim, train (a gun etc.)																									
ケーブル	noun	cable (a wire or rope)																									
洗る																											
期限	noun	time frame	time limit, deadline, cutoff																								
玉座	noun	a throne (ornate seat)																									
１８																											
失踪	noun	disappearance, absconding																									
失踪	verb	run away, disappear, abscond																									
痛む	verb	to be injured	to hurt, to feel pain																								
ヒュー																											
ハッカニ																											
クロー																											
ウー																											
手続き	noun	procedures																									
サンフランシスコ	name	San Francisco (a city in California, United States)																									
失く																											
サポート	noun	aftersales support	support, assistance																								
サポート	verb	give support, assist	provide aftersales support																								
ブルックリン	name	Brooklyn (a borough of New York City, New York, United States)	Brooklyn (a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States)	Brooklyn (a small city Poweshiek County Iowa, United States)	Brooklyn (a small suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, Australia)	Brooklyn (a small town in Morgan County, Indiana, United States)	Brooklyn (a small town in Washburn County, Wisconsin)	Brooklyn (a suburb of Wellington, Wellington region, New Zealand)	Brooklyn (a town in Green County, Wisconsin, United States)	Brooklyn (a town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States)	Brooklyn (a village in Dane County and Green County, Wisconsin)	Brooklyn (a village in Jackson County, Michigan, United States)	Brooklyn (a village in St. Clair County, Illinois, United States)														
知恵	noun	wisdom, intelligence																									
録音	noun	audio recording																									
録音	verb	to make an audio recording; to record																									
帳	character	curtain; drape	notebook; ledger																								
帳	noun	curtain																									
関かる																											
インチ	noun	inch																									
サプライズ																											
キャンセル	noun	cancellation																									
キャンセル	verb	to cancel																									
ハンナ																											
祭	character	festival																									
ホップス																											
ズートピア																											
么																											
美波																											
チョー	prefix	alternative form of 超 (chō, “super; very”)																									
帰宅	noun	returning home																									
帰宅	verb	return home																									
見解	noun	opinion																									
ウェブ																											
粉	character	powder																									
粉	noun	flour	powder																								
無料	noun	free; at no cost																									
嫁	character	bride																									
嫁	noun	bride	daughter in law	waifu or husbando	wife																						
カーン																											
セント	noun	cent (various national currencies, ¹⁄₁₀₀ of a unit)	saint																								
多数	noun	a great many, a great number of																									
素直	adj	honest, direct, frank	tractable, flexible (personality)																								
素直	noun	mildness	tractability, obedience																								
炉	noun	furnace, kiln																									
当たり前	adj	obvious, natural, of course																									
当たり前	noun	usual, common																									
21																											
詩	character	Chinese-style poetry	modern Japanese poetry	poetry, poem																							
詩	noun	Chinese poetry	poem	short for 詩経 (“Shijing, the Book of Odes”)	verse of poetry																						
リリー																											
